The Force will be with you, always.

One of the most successful movies of all time (and I'm not talking about the Box Office take)

A film that changed the industry forever.

A kid's fantasy. An Adult's memory
In respect to the many kids of the seventies. I rated this movie as one of the greatest movies ever made. I was thirteen and enjoyed this fantasy getaway more than I could count. Like many other kids of the seventies you left reality before walking into the theatre and escaped into the adventure once the reels begin rolling. It provided the special effects and excitement a kid was looking for. Even today when I watch this movie on VHS I recall those times. Whenever I get the chance to watch it I feel like that eager thirteen year old over and over again. I hope the new movies will meet the same expectations of kids of  this decade and the next.
The film that changed the world
Star wars made epic fantasy real. For a generation of people it has defined what the cinema experience is meant to be. Today it is probable that pc games will offer a deeper and more satisfying entertainment solution, but for pure visual and aural pleasure, mixed with basic emotional manipulation, there has never and will never be a better example of cinema than when star wars appeared over 25 years ago. When you think of star wars, you must remember what else was happening at the time. In America, the war in Vietnam had been lost. In the U.K economic disaster was occurring(a 3 day working week, and the army collecting rubbish). It was almost like the two most technically advanced countries in the world were going backwards. Star wars let everybody escape from that reality and reach for a future that was uncertain but ultimately good.
A classics, phenomenal and arguably the best sci-fi flick masterpiece!

The beginning of a great story...

Where It All Began-----10/10

The Best of Sci-Fi Times,the Worst of sf Times

The Movie that Changed My Life Forever!
This movie when I first saw it as a kid absolutely amazed me and put me into a world where I wished I could be! The story is absolutely genius, the characters are amazing! Everything about this movie is amazing! George Lucas made an absolute masterpiece of a film!!!!! May The Force Be With You!
A fun film

The greatest cinematic epic of all time begins here.

Great impact on cinama but also incredibly cheesy.

Children's Fairy tale in Space

The original version was brilliant...

Never gets old
This movie is a cinematic masterpiece that will be loved forever. The special affects are so good for 1977 and the soundtrack for this movie is amazing.
Legendary piece of cinema
Only seen the original Star Wars films a few times, I tend to forget how great of a magical experience it is! A New Hope is so awesome in so many aspects especially the music and sounds of everything! It's amazing how it was made for it's time I still I don't understand how they did many things. I will admit it has a few bits that are boring but still glorious. Up until a few years ago I didn't see most of the films and I didn't understand the hype now I do in which I'm happy with them all even seen the new ones.
No words to say

Cinema Classic

The classic...

Just plain fun!

A great movie - for its time

In 1977, in a galaxy far, far away...

A product of its time. A classic

One of the Most Overrated Movies of All Time

