One of the best films ever made.

Excellent timeless classic, the best sequel of all time!

I enjoy this one more than A New Hope
So much amazing action and beautiful cinematography makes for such an enlightening experience! In The Empire Strikes Back you know who everyone is which is great plus Yoda is introduced! I love this movie the music is soothing, there's romance, more of Darth Vader, and introduces Emperor Palpatine what more can you ask for? A lot to relish and get excited about; it's such a classic gem.
Darker and better than "New hope"

The best film in the original trilogy.
The Empire Strikes Back is the best film in the original Star Wars trilogy. It has all the great qualities that the original Star Wars has: great effects (at the time of its release), appealing characters, and lots of spellbinding action.  It also has eliminated some of the problems that plagued the first: the storyline is tighter, and goes much deeper into character development.  The performances are terrific, especially by Harrison Ford as Han Solo, and Billy Dee Williams as Lando Calrissian. George Lucas has also remembered to include a spellbinding battle sequence with the snowspeeder sequence near the beginning of the film.  The conclusion, with a lightsaber duel between Darth Vader and Luke Skywalker, is truly one of the most suspenseful and dramatic scenes in the entire series.  This is a truly wondrous film, and serves as a constant reminder that just because a movie is expensive and a blockbuster doesn't mean that it has to be shallow and two dimensional.  This film will undoubtedly entertain viewers of all ages from start to finish.
Best of the best

Greatest Movie Ever
This film changed the game forever. The people behind the scenes took an exciting science fiction adventure film with a happy tone where the heroes have a happy tone throughout and throwing that on its side. Throughout the film the rebels are in a constant rush and panic, pushing the viewers to the edge of their seat wondering if the heroes would make it to the end okay. This is done brilliantly by splitting up the heroes putting them in a worried state for one another. As well as that the rebels are all tested as they go through their own personal trails and try to find their way through.
Even though this might put you on a constant worry for the characters the movie is paced perfectly with breathers and amazing storytelling by the characters to fill in anything we need answers for.
That is just the story, the film also has gorgeous cinematography, going from the AT-ATs on Hoth, to the Imperial pursuit of the Falcon through the asteroid field, all the way down to the beautiful shots of the final battle in Cloud city. Even though we as viewers are worried for the rebels, the imagery is jaw dropping. 
The imagery is further enhanced by the most popular score of all time, John Williams delivers his best work ever as it has stuck with people their entire lives and is recognizable by even those who haven't seen the film. 
The film was released in 1980 and all of the set design and special effects still hold up to this day as they are just as convincing now as it was apon first watch for everyone in the past 38 years.
It's NOT the darkest of the trilogy - it's the most mature

Best Star Wars FILM

Even though he wasn't at the director's helm this time, George Lucas has done it again.

One for All & All for One...

Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
An excellent sequel to Star Wars, this is easily the darkest and most serious out of all the Star Wars films, at least until Revenge of the Sith comes out. This movie benefits from the introduction of Yoda, a diminutive yet wise Jedi master who helps Luke prepare for his showdown with Darth Vader. It also introduces Lando Calrissian, Han's old gambling and smuggling buddy played very well by Billy Dee Williams. Empire is more character driven than the original and relies more on comic relief to help lighten the mood, but it doesn't go overboard with the humor. The story is more refined and the acting is better as well. Despite all of this I can't really say that I enjoyed Empire more than the original. The original Star Wars has a certain charm to it that none of the sequels (or prequels) have captured. I'd say that it is at least on par with the original though and is a fitting follow up in what is probably the greatest series of movies in the history of cinema.
An Original Blockbuster

Not that good... (take three)

All the fun of the original with a much better, darker plot

finest of the trilogy because Lucas didn't write the script

Perfect Star Wars Film in an Imperfect Saga
The Empire Strikes Back brings the viewer further into the galaxy of Star Wars. Following the events of Episode IV: A New Hope, this darker chapter brings newer characters and adventures to the table. We learn more about who we have already come to love in the previous installment and we are able to enjoy a much more well-rounded and fleshed out idea of what Lucas' galaxy far far away should look and feel like. Harrison Ford's portrayal of Han Solo steals the show alongside his companion Chewbacca, played by the late Peter Mayhew. Mark Hamill really ups his game with Luke, making him into a less adolescent and sheltered farm kid, he's learning more about his past and the life he never knew. Carrie Fisher as Leia Organa is the perfect mixture of sass and whit as she shows us that not all space royalty is uppity and useless. Billy Dee Williams knocks it out of the park with his performance as the suave and charismatic Lando Calrissian. With the success of A New Hope, this movie boasts and impressive budget increase. This is shown in the care and detail taken into consideration when seeing all of the creatures and vehicles shown throughout the film. Simply put, this movie CARES. The people involved put forth their best work to bring what the world needed in a constant rotation of mundane and bad sci-fi action flicks coming out around the same time. The Empire Strikes Back is a perfect Star Wars movie in an otherwise very flawed saga. I recommend it for anyone that wants to go on a wild and fun ride through the stars!
Masterpiece
A true masterpiece. in my opinion the best star wars movie.
The best "Star Wars" film ever made.

Manages to be even better than New Hope, and that was just as brilliant
The original trilogy of Star Wars contain three films, all of which are sophisticated, imaginative and enormous fun. I feared it wouldn't be my thing, but it was exactly that. I loved the original trilogy for all those reasons. Empire Strikes Back maintains all the fun of its predecessor, while even darker and more mature. Visually it's a marvel to look at, with the stunning special effects and highly imaginative-looking sets. John Williams's score is just outstanding, epic and monumental in every way. The story is darker than that of New Hope and perhaps more sophisticated, and I loved the fact the filmmakers made the romance between Leia and Han more developed. The battle sequences are mesmerising, the beginning is bound to have you on the edge of your seat, but the battle between Luke and Darth Vader was simply out of this world. The script is still as affectionate as ever, the pace is fast and the acting is great. Mark Hamill is ever as likable as Luke, and Carrie Fisher still has her spunk and vivacity. Harrison Ford is noticeably more subdued, but he is still terrific, and Frank Oz is a perfect Yoda. Chewabacca is hilarious, and Darth Vader is a fantastic villain, especially when voiced so magnificently by James Earl Jones. All in all, a perfect successor to an already brilliant first film. 10/10 Bethany Cox
My 8th favorite film of all time!
This is my favorite of the classic Star Wars trilogy! It is the most suspenseful of the three and, as great as the other two are, they don't flow like this one does. This one explores the relationships instead of just action sequences (which are good in all three, though). The romance between Han and Leia and the one between Luke and Yoda, for example. This does have the best action sequence of the three of them, though; the lightsaber duel between Luke and Darth Vader. Pure brilliance!
This is among the all time great science fiction movies that is an absolute must see

How do you review a cultural icon?

Not only one of the most overrated Star Wars films, but one of the most overrated films of all time period.

A worthy second (or 5th??) Star Wars installment, might be the best of the bunch.

