I love this trilogy

A touching end

Underrated

My favorite ending of all time.

a lovely conclusion to one of the greatest trilogies of all time
This movie might not be as flawless as the first two but everything involved with those throne room scenes were some of the highest points in the entire saga, the conflict between luke and vader, the emperor himself finally showing up for the first time and he's so good at being this manipulative evil, the final lightsaber battle is just breathtaking with that amazing music by john williams and the beautiful ending of the film that brings everything together, those moments alone makes this one of the most underrated in the whole franchise and in my opinion it's the second best movie behind the empire strikes back.
The most peculiar Star Wars and under appreciated
Totally should've won at least some of the awards it was nominated for! A very different adventure story with lots of adorable characters, more truths and the epic Emperor Palpatine! I love all the majestic forest aspects. Still crazy to me that they filmed so many parts especially the chases. The bulk of this art in cinema is done so well and always entertaining. Quite lovable many years later and not many movies have that kind of force!
The Boy Who Loved "Star Wars"

Good
I like the bit when the ewoks crush an ATST with two logs on a rope
Age helps final episode of sci-fi saga

Real END
Legendary all-encompassing, complete a great final.star warsa not after starting 6 movies 60 movies you would watch, you never want to end this series in this series. .Because all of them are very friendly, cute and warmly created characters.But unfortunately we have to finish the series with the return of the jedi.As Luke enters into a war of will with his father and emperor, the rebels are struggling both in the woods and in space, especially the dialogues between the emperor Darth Vader and Luke are well written and immersive, and the Ewok are so sweet and especially fun to think of 3CPO as a god.
Fitting closure to the 'Star Wars' series, now out on DVD.

36 years and 737 reviews later, what is new left to be said?...

Its fun, but full of holes and inconsistencies

This movie doesnt get as much credit for its greatness that it should

Flawed, very entertaining solid third sequel an epic conclusion to the original trilogy!

...and the trilogy is finished with yet another great film.
After "Star Wars: A New Hope" redefined science fiction, and "The Empire Strikes Back" redefined "Star Wars", it's hard to believe that the third and final film of this trilogy can manage to be as good as the other two, but this one really does a nice job.  The first part of the film resolves the cliffhanger left by the previous one, with an elaborate escape plan that is in keeping with the incredible suspense and action of the first two films. Then the film moves back to the rebel alliance and what's going on in the war.  There is a lot of action in the scenes building up to the rebellion's final confrontation with the Emperor.  When the battle begins, the audience is already on the edge of their seats from everything leading up to it, and this final battle is even more intense than those from the other films. This climax is definitely more dense with action than any other part of the trilogy, with the most at stake for the rebellion.  This is continually changing between a ground battle between the rebel strike crew on land (including Han Solo, Chewbacca, and Leia), the battle raging on in space (including Lando), and a confrontation between Luke and the Emperor on the new Death Star, which leads up to another duel with Darth Vader.  It is really intense since the rebels constantly seem to be losing the battle that will determine the outcome of the war, and there seems to be no escape. Although I think the idea of Ewoks overpowering stormtroopers is a bit far-fetched, it didn't seem very unrealistic since they were more of a distraction that the rebels could use, rather than an actual threat to the stormtroopers, although they did have some luck fighting them.  There is also a twist or two at the end that nobody saw coming, which may not be quite as stunning as that of "The Empire Strikes Back", but still complete a very spectacular trilogy very well.  With the light tone of "A New Hope" and the more sinnister tone of "The Empire Strikes Back", this film really completes them by combining the two in this grand finale.  The Special Edition for "Return of the Jedi" concentrated on what would have been nice to change, since not much of the original really needed it.  Fifteen years of technology advancements didn't seem to make up for fifteen years of deterioration as far as the rancor scene is concerned, and there still is the occasional disappearing TIE fighter, but other than that it was good. The gaping non-threatening Sarlaac's mouth was given moving tentacles and a huge fly-trap looking head that emerged, which definitely added to the suspense.  Also, the disco was taken out of Jabba's palace, and the lame ending of the original was replaced by a huge victory celebration spanning the entire galaxy, instead of just a small Ewok village, which was the case of the original and that didn't really end a story this big the way it deserved.  It's hard to say which of the three films was the best, but since it's all part of the same story, the over-all trilogy is like one big, outstanding film.  A THIRD must-see for film fans.
One Of The Best In The Series

The end of the Star Wars Saga

One for All & All for One...

Not quite a Jabba Dabba Honeymoon.

All things must come to an end... even a classic space saga.

The least effective of the original trilogy, but packed with charm and excitement

Uhhgg!

Greatest Cinematic Film Of All Time

One of the best trilogies in the history of cinema!!

