A Timeless Classic
This movie, and trilogy in general, is a cinematic (and literary) masterpiece, and simply refuses to get old. I love this movie so much it's become a tradition to watch the Lord of the Rings series at least once a year! It's just as good as Christmas
15 years on... Still the greatest

Nothing better
The greatest tragedy of the human race is that they will never make a better movie than Return of the King.
The best trilogy in the history of cinema
Best movie in the trilogy and sealed in the best possible way
This franchise shaped me to the man i am today.

All Good Things come to an End!

Still the greatest movie ever made
Nothing even comes close and I may well not see it personally topped. Every single scene is magnificent. The acting is superb as is the direction, script, hauntingly beautiful music, cinematography and the incredible battles; especially the hour long battle on the Pellenor Fields and Minas Tirith. The characters
are some of the greatest ever created and to root for. The movie is simply perfection from beginning to end and the 4 hour version is just as majestic. There's not a single negative thing I can say about a movie that deserves all it's nominated Oscars. My family and I watched it 4 times in its first 12 days of release. A joyous experience every time. Magnificent!!!!!!
Unprecedented.

Great
Wonderful on every level. Love the characters and special effects. One of the biggest, most massive battle scenes ever put on the silver screen. A great end to a monumental epic.
Pretty much outstanding

They saved the best for last

This movie has marked my childhood!
It is the best movie I can remember I've watched while I was a kid!
More of the same

A Fool's Hope

The Supreme Motion Picture of All Time...

Not only the best of the "Lord of the Rings" series, but sets a new standard of epic filmmaking.

I doubt there will ever be a film made of this quality again.

I lived to see them all!

What can you say?
I suppose that someone, sometime, may tell the story more accurately but I doubt very much that it will ever be told better. Nothing could ever replace the books for pure escapism but Peter Jackson has managed to evoke both the feel and texture of Tolkien's masterwork without pandering, too much, to clichéd Hollywood extravagance. The cast are superb (if Sir Ian Mckellen is remembered for nothing else other than Gandalf I feel sure he would not complain), the cinematography stunning and the pace, even over the 8/9 hours for the whole trilogy is matchless. For those who have read the books (as I have for many years) I would suggest watching once to get all of the niggling storyline changes/omissions out of your system then just watch as a pure, wonderous, unadulterated piece of epic, EPIC cinema. I'm sure I will love it forever.
A Brilliant Conclusion

The first great cinematic masterpiece of the twenty-first century.
I am, I admit, an unlikely convert to the religion of Tolkienism. I  have never read the books, having, I thought, been put off them for  life by the sort of obsessive freaks who read them when I was at  school. (One classmate, then aged about sixteen, told me with great  pride that he had read the whole of 'The Lord of the Rings' at least  fifty times). I also have never been a great admirer of the 'sword and  sorcery' school of fantasy writing or film-making; indeed, some of this  genre (mostly those starring the current governor of California) struck  me as being among the worst films ever made.  I was, however, persuaded to see the first in the trilogy, 'The  Fellowship of the Ring', by its overwhelmingly positive reception from  the critics, and was quickly won over by the scope of Peter Jackson's  vision. I had been expecting some twee tale of elves, gnomes and  fairies; what I experienced was a genuine epic (in the true sense of  that overused word). Ever since December 2001, I have been waiting for  parts two and three of the trilogy to be released. Neither has  disappointed me.  The story of 'The Lord of the Rings' is too complex to be told in a  review such as this. Suffice it to say that it revolves around a magic  ring which will give its possessor immense power. The power-hungry Dark  Lord Sauron (a figure who is never actually seen on screen) desires to  obtain the ring in order to dominate Middle Earth. His enemies, led by  the wizard Gandalf, are seeking to destroy the ring, which can only be  used for evil purposes, not for good. At the beginning of the final  part of the trilogy, Sauron's forces are massing for an attack on the  kingdom of Gondor.  The film relates the story of the conflict which follows, and this  leads to some of the most spectacular battle sequences I have seen,  even more impressive than those in 'The Two Towers'. Inevitably, the  film makes much use of computer-generated effects, but unlike many  films dominated by special effects, plot and character are not  neglected. The acting is uniformly good, and in some cases outstanding.  Special mentions must also go to the camera-work, which made the best  possible use of the magnificent New Zealand scenery, and to Howard  Shore's memorable musical score.  So, looking forward to the Oscar ceremony, I have no doubt that this  should be the best film and that Peter Jackson, who has amply fulfilled  the promise shown in the excellent 'Heavenly Creatures', should be best  director. Best Actor? I would find it difficult to decide between the  competing claims of Sir Ian McKellen, who brings wisdom, kindliness and  the required touch of steel to his portrait of Gandalf, and of Elijah  Wood, who plays the brave and resourceful hobbit Frodo to whom falls  the dangerous task of ensuring the ring's destruction. Best Supporting  Actor? My own nomination would be for Sean Astin, as Frodo's loyal  companion Sam, but several others might have claims, notably Viggo  Mortensen or Bernard Hill.  Is this the best movie ever made, as some of its admirers have claimed?  Possibly not- that is, after all, a very large claim to make. I have no  doubt, however, that the trilogy as a whole is the first great  cinematic masterpiece of the twenty-first century. It has certainly  inspired me to start reading Tolkien's original novels. 10/10.
The Journey Ends with a Unique Movie.

Perfect way to finish the trilogy

Entertaining, but not as half as good as the book

They read a different book...

