An Epic in every sense of the word.

A standing ovation for all concerned.

Magnificent epic

A True Fantasy Movie
From the beginning to the very end, the Lord of the Rings trilogy is interesting and enjoyable. The books and the movies alike grasp one's attention as if they were real. You, the reader or viewer, can sense the pain of the characters, their emotions. The trilogy is truly powerful on screen. The second movie, however, I believe has something the first and third are missing; it feels like a bridge connecting two great islands. There is something unique about it that cannot easily be described. Metaphorically, the first movie is, say, a soldier. The third movie is the path home from war. And the second movie is the act of coming home because it contains the obstacles that must be passed through before achieving the goal. Although not 100% loyal to the written trilogy, the movies are done in such a way that the mainstream audience and LOTR fans from before the movies came out can say they were enjoyable and well made.
"There's some good in this world Mr. Frodo, and it's worth fighting for."

The final hour of The Two Towers is grand, terrifying, and epic on a biblical level.

Great movie
Great movie I really enjoyed watching and better than the first part
If you're a fan, that's not about to change.

Beautiful Perfection

Absolutely, totally fantastic!

One of The Best battle sequence.

The story - and the heightism - continues

Why make movies based on something you don't like?
The problem with this movie is that Peter Jackson seem to believe that Middle- earth is somewhere in the Star Wars galaxy or on board James Camerons Titanic. Therefore he has re-written the story from the book in an attempt to make it "bigger and better". In the original text there where no fun side-kicks with good one-liners and there where not enough cool toys so Peter had to throw in some Orc wolf riders and dwarf jokes. Then he find Frodos meeting with Faramir to be a bit too boring in the book, so he "spice it up" with a "dramatic" scene where Frodo stands in front of a ring wraith trying to give it the ring. Yeah baby! There are also plenty of not good enough acting from the extras. Extremely theatrical lines like "Look it's the king!" are a bit too common. If you thought the books where boring then maybe this is a film for you. Now there are plenty of "fun" side-kicks in it to save you from embarrassing seconds of silence or non-action. If you actually liked the books, stay away from this movie.
Hail The Heroes!

Helm's Deep could be the greatest battle sequence of all time.

My precious...

If there was a spotlight for all time movie reviews it would be this trilogy-to-be-one film

The Wooded Claw...
The quest to melt the ring in Doom continues, as two Hobbits and a Gollum lacking sinews, crossing marshes full of dread, towards the Black Gate's where they head, and then they're captured by the brother, of one once dear (although he was somewhat affected by the ring before expiring). After fleeing from an evil band of orcs, another pair of Hobbits sit with stalks, of an Ent known as Treebeard, who gets annoyed when friends are sheared, summons brethren, and against the foe they walk. Helm's Deep provides the backdrop for a battle, where sabres, swords and axes are all rattled, but walls come tumbling down, as the Uruk-hai hit town, when their hoards stampede and charge like crazy cattle.
My personal favourite of the trilogy

The Best Imaginable Second Chapter

Great One

An excellent addition to the series

good film, but a letdown

Boring

They Accomplished the Near-Impossible.
"The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers" is another excellent installment in the thus far excellent trilogy. The film picks up immediately where "The Fellowship of the Ring" left off as Elijah Wood and Sean Astin continue their long and seemingly hopeless journey to destroy the One Ring in the fires of Mordor. They run into the creature Gollum (played amazingly by Andy Serkis in a revolutionary character-generation). Serkis' motives are unclear as the ring has literally run him insane and created a split personality that combats the character's natural good side. Meanwhile Billy Boyd and Dominic Monaghan have escaped the dark forces that captured them, but now are in another dilemma as they try to convince a forest of living, moving trees to support their cause for good and truth. Viggo Mortensen, Orlando Bloom and John Rhys-Davies receive more help from the likes of Bernard Hill's army and his lovely niece (Mirando Otto). As all this occurs, Ian McKellen comes back and rehashes a role which seemed to have expired late in the first film. Hugo Weaving and daughter Liv Tyler know that victory is not certain and realize that they must leave their true homes forever to protect themselves and the lives of their people. Christopher Lee continues to create chaos with the help of the highly disturbed Brad Dourif (of "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" fame). In the end not one, but two key battles will create the sure-to-be electrifying landscape which will be experienced by all in the franchise's final installment ("The Return of the King"). Many view "The Two Towers" as an achievement even more impressive than its predecessor. True the film does go beyond the technical faculties of "The Fellowship of the Ring", but it is hard for me to pick this installment over the first (which will likely always be my favorite). This film is more intense and you get the feeling of real danger and peril throughout, while the first was more of an emotional experience due to its nice elements of friendship, love and personal sacrifice. In short, "The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers" is an amazing sequel and it fits in well with the outstanding first film. 5 stars out of 5.
