After a decade, Cameron sets the avatar of our new generation

Cameron Returns

A fantastic journey.

AVATAR REVISITED

It's an experience! A magical one.

Best movie experience of the last 30 years...

Fascinating concept .Must be seen cannot be described

Visually stunning, but ultimately unimaginative

A great science fiction adventure from a master filmmaker!

How could anyone who's seen more than 4 movies in their life find this creative?

One of the best cinematic experiences ever...

Visually mind-blowing, but lacking in the story

Technically outstanding. Originality: oh well....

Incredible scope and spectacle

The best blockbuster in years - the master is back!

A NEW WORLD.....
Hatts of to JAMES CAMERON for thinking and creating a vision like this. It takes a lotseof hardwork & research to build a whole new world. And there is a reason why this movie is still the no 1 movie in the world. I've never seen this kind of visuals in any other film. And this movie was made in 2009 that was an amazing achievement by the VFX creators & the director itself. You can easily get connected with the movie plot and the way the director has shown the Pandora world was just unbelievable. Cast of this film has done a fabulous job while performing so well and get into the character that not a single one will disappoint. Emotional scenes are so powerful that you feel the characters and their pain for what their suffering. Visual Effects makes this movie so powerful that every creature and big scenery scenes looks real. That's why it has re-released once again to feel the same experience. Don't miss this one on the big screen if you haven't seen it. It's a total new world experience. Can't wait for the PART 2....
Visually Spellbinding!

Looks great, I just wish I cared what happened in it

Avatar - Breathtakingly Beautiful

Visually amazing, but otherwise average at best

Escapism at it's best

This movie made me feel blue
I realize I am probably going to get flames galore for this comment, and you all have the right to your opinion about my opinion, but hey, I'm entitled to my opinion too. Avatar is grade A crap. That's right, it's crap. I say this for one simple reason: Without the special effects this movie would never, ever captivate and take a hold of audiences like it has in the past week. Ask yourself this one question: If it didn't have the effects, the Navi plugging their hair into the trees like it's a damn broadband jack, mech suits(just like the ones in Matrix Revolutions) and barely futuristic ospreys, would you care about this movie at all? It's a truism when they say this movie is nothing more than Dances with Wolves in space. Some people may argue back that Star Wars borrowed from Hidden fortress, but at least it had enough compelling plot points to make it look different, such as I don't know... the force? The Death Star? Outer space? A location that has NOTHING at all to do with Earth? This important set of points clearly differentiates Star Wars and Hidden Fortress. But The difference between Avatar and Dances with wolves is... CGI. This CGI may be pretty but it cannot ever substitute for story and plot development. Speaking of, the characters save but a few are either very bland or stereotypes. The worst part is the story and the movie gives us no reason to care about the characters. You know what? I'll go one step further and say that the only difference between Avatar and a Star Wars prequel is this: Avatar has an environmental story that we can relate to. That's it. True, the action scenes in Avatar are well done, but hell, the action scenes in the Star Wars prequels were also arguably well-done. Still, there's that nagging lack of story development. Avatar is a huge let-down and doesn't belong on the best-of list of anybody with common sense.
Technically impressive and important but beyond that there is not a huge amount to talk about

Avatar: Once in a lifetime film making

Masterpiece for eye and soul...

