Too Slow, Unbelievable Ending

Big exhale after this one...

Begs to question many things

Legit HATED this movie

Attractive but Empty

Middling thriller undermined by silly humor
I had high hopes for this creative, fictional riff on the epstein island story. But instead of feeling fear, i mostly felt annoyance waiting for the predictably bad stuff to happen. The first act was a long repetitive slog. And while I appreciated some of the directorial flourishes and the performances were good, this also felt like yet another toxic movie fomenting gender and racial divide. I mean, the casting equation is basically white men - bad, women of color, innocent victims of bad white men. Anyone else getting sick of the promotion of hate that is a hallmark of so much Hollywood product these days? I am.
Underwhelming

High Hopes, But a Letdown

Diddy's case reference?

I'm sorry. I'm sorry...

One of the worst thrillers I've ever seen

Extraordinary Debut for Kravitz

Blink twice for the plot to go a bit faster.

Boring into straight silly

Naively childish !! (Red rabbit red rabbit red rabbit)

So it is Get Out for Women!

Surprisingly Good

If Epstein Island was full of adults

I never felt bored.

Familiar.... but, not?

Wasted potential
This mystery/thriller film, Zoe Kravitz's directorial debut, draws attention with its focus on the theme of "evil rich men", its eerie atmosphere and its feminist stance. Just as it reminded me of the Jeffrey Epstein case, it also reminded me of movies such as "The Stepford Wives" (1975), "Ready or Not" (2019) and "Don't Worry Darling" (2022). The film, which starts with a darkly humorous tone (I'm not sure if this was really necessary), gradually enters a more disturbing and shocking mode. It has a remarkable cast with its young actors as well as experienced ones such as Christian Slater, Geena Davis and Kyle MacLachlan. But unfortunately, the movie is also the answer to the question, "How can a movie that could be a masterpiece be dragged down by a ridiculous ending?" 7/10.
I wish there was something I could take to make me forget the last 90 minutes

Not to be underestimated

Really solid debut from Kravitz

What's wrong with Hollywood?

