Watched 2024 - blown away

Highlights of the movie

"The future's a thing of the past." Tremendous from start to finish.

A gut-wrenching look at an all too possible future - but also an immensely entertaining thrill ride featuring some of the best cinematography you'll ever see

Utterly transfixed

Exemplary direction lifts an offbeat futuristic thriller

What a movie
What a movie!!! Brilliant performances of the actors, especially Clive Owen, great photography, excellent storyline... One of the best apocalyptic movies of all time. Bloody and with wonderful message! A must watch!
Powerful images, questionable screenplay

Restored my faith in the art of cinema

Not Deserving of its Present Rating

Amazing Film. Truly fantastic! Mindblowing...
I've seen this film and let me tell everyone that it was one of the most pleasurable surprises I've ever had with a film. I hadn't heard about it before and it totally took me by surprise. It blew me away and left me speechless. The acting is excellent by most of the actors, but Michael Caine deserves to receive a special mention for his amazing portrait of the old hippie Jasper. His performance is fantastic and he totally stole the show in the scenes he was in. Claire Hope is also fantastic in the role of Kee. Her performance is quite impressive, especially considering this is one of her first films. Clive Owen is also great as the reluctant hero who sees his life turned upside down and is given a huge responsibility. I've seen him in some other films and he's at his best here. A very good performance, you could feel what he was going through. In the technical aspects the film was brilliant, particularly Alfonso Cuarón's strong and consistent direction that is one of the best things in the film, and contributes a lot to its quality. Also director of photography Emmanuel Lubezki does wonders with images and there are some extremely beautiful shots all done in a naturalistic way, natural lighting, etc. It's an extremely well crafted film that makes you go through the emotional struggle the characters go through and makes you feel that you're in the middle of it all. Besides, it's also an extremely touching story that certainly touched my heart. One of the best films I've ever seen without any doubt.
I am very glad I did not pay to see this movie!

Disappointing Chase with Little Story - What were you watching anyway?

A thinking person's thriller

Electrifying thriller may be best of 2006

Interesting

Among my top 10 of the decade

I can't see what all the fuss is about

Carefully crafted piece of work
This year I attended for the first time the Venice Film Festival in Italy. I was of course quite excited and bought tickets to some screenings of a few different films I found interesting. Initially Children of Men wasn't in my plans but I was convinced by a friend who was very enthusiastic about it. Now I say I'm glad I bought the tickets! What an amazing film this is. The science fiction genre is just a coat to project into the future the horrors and problems of our current days and many films attempt that ending up, in most cases, failing. This one however succeeds. Succeeds indeed but not only in this... The film blew away nearly everyone in the audience as one of the best action movies we have seen lately, with extremely exciting and brutal chases, gun fights, etc. Don't be put off by this though, the film is as good as it is not because of the action sequences but its amazingly emotional and touching story. The performances of the cast is impressive especially Clive Owen and the newcomer Claire Hope Ashitey who throughout the film develop the relationship between their characters and it's such a joy to see the development. I'm not very good at writing reviews so I think I'll stop know, but I had at least to transmit something to everyone who might be interested in watching this film. Don't pass this one, you won't regret it. In my view one of the few excellent films released this year.
Overrated

Well made...there's no doubt about it. But you might want to think twice before watching it.

Embedded

It Had Potential to be More About Ideas

Waiting for a story which is just not there

A modern masterpiece
There's not much wrong with this movie. Cinematography and the camera direction is on point making one of the best directed films ever made, being made up of a bunch of long one take scenes, some of them lasting even over 5 minutes, and some making me wonder how to it was possible to achieve them. Another thing that stands out is of course the story. It's a very interesting premise, being executed very well, with a potential being reached almost to the maximum, presenting a dark post-apocalyptic world, built very well, with an end that you can somewhat predict, but you can't know how the story will unfold until that moment, being surprised of some interesting twists, incredibly choreographed action and a very well crafted script. Children of Men is not only a modern classic, but also an almost perfect movie making it one of the best of the century, but arguably one of the best movies ever made and I would recommend anyone to watch it.
