Great film with the crazy passion of a great director

Unmistakable Tarantino

The Perfect Movie

Tarantino is undefeated
This is a movie that wouldn't work with every other director other than Tarantino.
Just like all of his movies, film making top tier.
Every aspect of this film is amazing
My favourite Tarantino, and that's a bold statement.

Best Tarantino movie and you can't change my mind

Tarantino at his best

a brilliant film
Tarantino is unpredictable. You never know what to expect in the next scene. And that's make the movie interesting. The music is also excellent. Only this blood is too much for me. So I give 8.
Great Mix Of Action And Comedy

A masterpiece!

Revenge.

Tarantino... I am disappointed

A Bountiful Tale...

"D-J-A-N-G-O.... the 'D' is silent."

Brutally hilarious and quite messy, but a total blast from start to finish

It's not perfect but it's very good... and I'm not even a fan of Tarantino!

Tarantino-gasm!

Absolutely love this movie.
Probably the best Tarantino film in my opinion. But let's be fair, it's really close. Regardless, Django represents everything I appreciate about this director. Drama, comedy, amazing dialogue, extreme violence, etc. I named my dog after this masterpiece, so remember the D is silent!
A Little Too Much

I like the way you write Quentin!
This is a fun movie! Great acting, great soundtrack, great editing and great story! The scenes in the big house...top class! Every scene with Leonardo diCaprio was amazing! Now my problems with the movie: the main meat of the movie, the mid section, dragged on a little too long and some of the dialogue was a bit dull but it was necessary to tell the story. The opening of the movie though, was great, I was hooked instantly and the end was so chaotic and fast paced! I wasn't expecting this movie to be as hilarious as it was either, so many scenes had the timing of humour spot on and actually made me laugh out loud. The story isn't complicated or hard to follow which is good, I enjoyed being able to relax and watch the movie unfold. I like this...9/10.
An Entertaining Mess

Very Disappointing

Loved it! It's a hit.
Absolutely loved every minute of this movie. Usually I'm not too crazy about Tarantino's movies, but this one is definitely the best one I've seen in a long time. The actors were picked perfectly. The overall experience of a movie is amazing. When we first went to watch it, I was a bit skeptical and thought I'd end up leaving an hour into the movie (it's a 3 hr movie), but it grabbed my attention from the very beginning and I didn't even wanna get up to go to the bathroom, afraid to miss something. I'm usually very particular about the movies, nothing can hardly satisfy me, but this one is definitely in the top 5. Soundtrack was perfect. When I got home, I've done some more research on it and loved it even more! Overall, I would highly recommend this film!
Freedom and Choices and Tarantino

Brace yourself for True Tarantino
Quentin Tarantino's 8th film "Django Unchained" is one hell of a movie. A brutal, bloody, terrifying, hilarious and awe-inspiring western disguised as a buddy movie that is so great that if John Wayne and Sergio Leone were alive now, they would've approve of this movie. It's designed to shock you, polarize you, test you and maybe even surprise you. But let me clear on this: If you are not a fan of bloody violence and the running length of 165 minutes, see a shorter movie. But if you love to see what Tarantino can do with movies like this, then you're in for a treat. Set during slavery in 1858, the movie follows Django (Jamie Foxx), a slave who is found by a bounty hunter disguised as a dentist named Dr. King Schultz (The always reliable Christoph Waltz) who hires him as a bounty hunter and a free man to find the Brittle Brothers. After finding them and hunting them down at a plantation run by Big Daddy (a remarkable Don Johnson), they relax for the winter only for them to go on a mission to find and rescue Django's wife, Broomhilda (Kerry Washington) who is owned by Calvin J. Candie (Leonardo DiCaprio) a man who runs a plantation known as Candieland. He even has a renegade slave as a servant named Stephen (A nearly recognizable Samuel L. Jackson, hidden in makeup and some prosthetics), who will have a part to play in the last half of the movie. I think Quentin Tarantino has outdone himself once again. Being in the filmmaking game for 20 years now, you can't deny and even reject his style in what he is bringing to the screen (He also has a cameo in here as well). His dialogue is like reading a book that grabs you and makes you want to know what happens next. The look and scope of the film is magnificent, thanks to a brilliant Oscar-winning cinematographer Robert Richardson and the late production designer J. Michael Riva. The performances in this film are brilliant. Having won an Oscar for "Ray", Jamie Foxx continues with his breathtaking performances that wows us. Here as Django, he is certainly fearless, baring his soul (and body) playing a man who is free from slavery, but can't be free by the rules and limitations of slavery. Christoph Waltz looks like he was born to be a part of Tarantino's entourage after his Oscar-winning performance for "Inglorious Basterds". Here, once again he brings humor and vulnerability to Dr. King Schultz. Never before have I ever seen an actor go that far and doesn't go over-the-top like Leonardo DiCaprio. As Calvin Candie, DiCaprio is certainly Oscar-worthy as a man who runs a tight ship by running a place where male slaves fight to the death and female slaves are being prostitutes and he seems to be the kind of guy to like even though he is a villain and he speaks Tarantino's dialogue like a pro. When he has a scene in which he reveals three dimples from a skull that belongs to his father, he is literally terrifying. Kerry Washington is superb as Broomhilda and Samuel L. Jackson is the real scene-stealer. The supporting cast is great from Walton Goggins, Jonah Hill, Michael Bacall, Michael Parks, James Remar, Robert Carradine to a small cameo by Franco Nero. "Django Unchained" has a lot of things to say about slavery and how cruel it is. But at the same time, it provides the fact that if Tarantino rearranged history by shooting Adolf Hitler to a pulp while everything blows up at a movie theater, he can do it again by having a former slave whipping a man who used to beat him and his wife. Now, that's entertainment. This movie really is off the chain. It's not only one of the most captivating films of the year, it's one of the best films of the year. Go see it, it will be worth your time. Keep in mind though, there are characters, especially Django, Stephen, Candie and Schultz that uses the N-word numerous times in this movie. That seems relevant to the time period, don't ya think?
