Just because you're invited, doesn't mean you're welcome.

Creepy, unsettling and very well done.

Lives up to the hype

A more than welcome yet uneasy visit

Black & White but Far From Monochrome...

Simply put this film is outstanding

Best debut from a first time director in years
Let's clear the air about this film. It's not a horror film. It's not a comedy. What it is, is a suspenseful thriller of the highest level, worthy to be compared to Hitchcock caliber. The humor is there, along with a few horror scenes, but not enough to overshadow the main theme of the story. The film hits all cylinders with almost no misfires. As far as complaints that the film is racist, it is not. It would work just as well with an all-black or all-white cast. Those complaints are from people who are uncomfortable with black people or interracial relationships and are letting it distract them from the narrative of the film. I most certainly hope that it reaches the wider audience that it so richly deserves.
I think all the positive reviews made my expectations skyrocket
Get Out Directed by Jordan Peele is a horror film which begins with quite a unique story, surrounding an African American man meeting his girlfriend's Caucasian family. The first two acts of the film contain scenes which build so much tension. The start of this movie had me so invested due to how much was unknown. I really built strong curiosity surrounding why things seemed very off. All the performances were great, particularly the main character who was incredibly convincing with all his emotion. Also the cinematography was very nice, containing scenes which are one long take with no cuts. As for negatives there are quite a few. The tone of this film is very messy. I wished the horror really got under my skin. Although it was as if there were constant intermissions with cliche comedic relief. To me this broke all the tension, and really made me question the type of film I was watching. There are also quite a few plot holes, and scenes which really don't have any purpose besides trying to freak out the audience. Once the film reaches the third act, I was really let down by the direction they took. I was expecting a smart and unique revelation. But all I got was a standard messed up horror movie "twist". I think all the positive reviews made my expectations skyrocket. I really thought this movie would be insanely smart, but honestly it's really not that special. It didn't impact me the way other great horror and thriller films have. It's a solid and enjoyable film. But it's far from groundbreaking, so therefore I give Get Out a 6. I feel like many will disagree with my rating. If you think you can convince me as to why it is great go ahead. One thing I still don't see is why African Americans were targeted in the film. When it was asked the question was just brushed off...
A deliciously wry slice of cinematic paranoia served with a side of cathartic humor
I was totally blown away by "Get Out". This is one of the best turns by an actor behind the camera I have ever seen (Jordan Peele). Probably the timely social commentary is going to loom heavily when discussing the film; however this shouldn't conceal the fact that this is a masterclass cinematic work that has been thought out to the very last detail; it knows what it wants to say and how to say it, balancing wildly contrasting tones and defeating potential clichés with stylistic bravura. Of course everything stems from a rock solid script, where the plot points are cunningly engineered, and then fleshed out in a disciplined and take no prisoners kind of way. There is much to admire and enjoy here, including some surreal imagery that is as stunning as it is disturbing, always serving a purpose within the narrative; there are also brilliant soundtrack choices and you get subtle nods at the masters that came before (Kubrick and Wes Craven, specially). The plot involves one of those frequently visited "fish out of the water" type of settings where it's up to the director to make the most out of it. Which fortunately is the case here, since you get plenty of real character development and a tight, innuendo ridden dialogue that really gets under your skin. All this, together with the inspired camera work, contributes to the success of this tricky enterprise as a whole. Kudos to all the actors for going all the way with the provocative premise, considering that it could have totally backfired in less confident hands. Everything amounts to a deliciously wry slice of cinematic paranoia served with a side of cathartic humor that appropriately reflects the political times we are living in. And make no mistake, this is a true horror film that refuses to pull any punches; if you thought that Peele was just going for the laughs and the cheap scares you will get more than you bargained for. "Get out" will shock you silly and will make you think. Then you will want to watch it again and try to figure out how he pulled the trick.
Smart genre mingling effort.

Jordan Peele debuts in style
Get Out provided me with something I long for. The debut of a new filmmaker that makes you look hopefully into the future. Jordan Peele has done just that. He wrote and directed this smart, elegant film and even made us find a new way to classify it. Horror, comedy, drama, social satire. What matters really is that it's a first of sorts and then some. It introduced me also to a major talent in front of the camera. Daniel Kaluuya is sheer perfection. As an actor he projects and provokes empathy. Whatever your race or races you will be in his shoes, feeling what he's feeling. I was him, throughout. The gasps of fear mixed with the bursts of laughter from the audience - me included - made Get Out one of the most rewarding film experiences of 2017. Kudos also to Bradley Whitford and the phenomenal Catherine Keener. They are terrifyingly recognizable and what about Caleb Landry Jones? Menacing enough and comic enough - he reminded me of Peter, Chris Elliott's character in Everybody Loves Raymond - to be all the things he needed to be. Perfect. As is the human relief provided by the wonderful Marcus Henderson. As you may gather I'm celebrating. So, Mr Peele, thank you very much.
Sadly predictable, and ultimately, not that scary

this movie is fine.
This film is severely overhyped. it's fine, and entertaining, but it's not original or groundbreaking by any means. it's a re-imagined hybrid of the skeleton key and the stepford wives. had the ending been different (and what i suspected was about to happen), i would've given this another star or two.
Thriller seen from fresh eyes

A rare triple-threat genre film

A breath of fresh air

Delivering both on the expectations of the genre and the comedic expectations of a Jordan Peele creation, GET OUT is simply amazing.
Jordan Peele's directorial debut is an exhilarating horror thriller that also manages to spark laughter and comment on social issues. The cinematography, tropes, and soundtrack echo horror, but the film finds abundant moments of comic relief like when a father reassures the main character he isn't racist by claiming, "I would have voted for Obama for a third term." Before the plot delves into a traditional horror frenzy, it mines the horrors of racism. The social commentary plays on audience expectations and results in both humor and suspense. Delivering both on the expectations of the genre and the comedic expectations of a Jordan Peele creation, GET OUT is simply amazing.
director Peele takes you on a different kind of journey
A unique and effective blend of horror film and social commentary if there ever was one! Young, modest black photographer Chris Washington is understandably nervous about going to spend the weekend with the parents of his sweet white girlfriend Rose Armitage, who for reasons totally unbeknownst to him has yet to tell her parents that he's black. They set out on their trip and...well the rest is really left for the viewer to discover. Writer-director Jordan Peele shows his master craftsmanship by taking this simple premise and expanding it in many different directions, also incorporating elements of racism, comedy, shock and awe, and wisely never taking things too seriously. The climax is a bit formulaic and over-the-top, but the journey is effectively unnerving and features much stronger acting than you would expect for a film of this genre. Not for everyone, but refreshingly unconventional and worth the viewing experience. ***
don't understand the hype

Get Out is impressive and awesome. Best horror I've seen in a while!

Missed opportunity

Don't Miss The Point
Ok here goes. Having read the reviews and seeing how polarized they were,, I had to check the movie out myself. 
To all who regard the movie as racist - I don't think so. Any modern day theme be it racism, sexism, disability issues anything can be used in this movie to highhight the issues being faced by individuals. It is for most part a unique genre in its own right.
Take dusk till dawn mix it with some eugenics and a pinch of humour and bingo .
Yes it does make you feel uncomfortable but not in a serious way. It's funny in places and very clever in bits. Some beautiful shots and filming and menacing score keep it simmering brilliantly. Watch it make your own mind up. Personally one of the most enjoyable movies from last year. Bravo.
Highly recommended truly clever.

Didn't live up to hype.
Went to watch this film after hearing good things about it and seeing the overwhelmingly good reviews on IMDb and rotten tomatoes. But unfortunately I am severally unimpressed. Whilst the film was ok it did not live up to the hype. The plot was predictable and transparent. And for labeling itself as a horror it wasn't scary at all. Though I understand that it's trying to make a point and I feel it does this very well since it's influenced so many people. But overall I would say this film is average and I would much rather reccomend my friends something else.
A horror comedy without jokes
the newest film made by jordan peele lives out to the hype that it made.horror comedy is one of the hardest genres(or sub genres) to make a movie about.some good examples would be evil dead 2 and scream.the film actually takes a subject like racism and makes it into a parody of itself.the comedy of the movie is actually really subtle and your'e not gonna walk into the movie and start laughing as a joke comes along.its a realization that can be made while watching the film or after you watched it.it can't be really called a satire of horror movies because it uses the horror movie clichés more than once but the good part is that i doesn't annoy you like a lot of horror movies do.one of the strengths of the movie is that you don't need to be an American to understand the story.a basic knowledge about racism will be enough.but for the clues and metaphors that are in the movie you need to pay more attention and know a little bit more.there are no jokes in the movie and even the comedy relief character lil rel howery doesn't make jokes but sells its comedy by his performance which makes him actually funny and not just an annoying side character like we see mostly in the movies right now.the performances are great and the character choices are rational and logical unlike most horror movies we see today.allison williams does a pretty good job and actually nails the character far more better than i expected.the cinematography is pretty good but it got distracting in two or three places of the movie but it wasn't boring and actually kept the movie pretty good looking.the twists of the movie will actually kinda predictable but that wasn't what the movie was about and i didn't expected to be shocked since the movie doesn't take itself to seriously but serious enough to keep the plot going.the CGI blood were kinda distracting and the movie got slow in a few places but it had the pay-off and you were rewarded after the scenes.the movie is well made and deserves a second viewing in some time and i would recommend it to horror fans or if your'e a fan of subtle humor and comedy.
