Bravo!
Nothing was typical about this. Everything was beautifully done in this movie, the story, the flow, the scenario, everything.
I highly recommend it for mystery lovers, for anyone who wants to watch a good movie!
Lots of Nice Little Twists
No, it wasn't perfect. No it was not Academy Award material. But it was a delightful story with lots of classic whodunnit elements. I thought we got to know each character well and, like in an Agatha Christie novel, fulfilled their roles. I thought Craig did a nice job and kept things moving along. Plummer was good in his limited screen time. Once again, I'm so fed up with people who decide that IMDB presents an opportunity to destroy a valid system by giving a movie such as this a rating of One. Do you really think this film ranks down there with Alligator Women on Venus. That's what the One ratings are for. It's usually because a film gets a little hype and those with no imagination or who are unhappy with their lives feel the need to throw everything off. Use lower ratings, but try to show some objectivity.
Bringing back the classic whoddunit in amazingly entertaining fashion - 8/10 ⭐

Knives out
Knives Out is really a classic story of it's kind set in modern day with Daniel Craig even playing a very clear Hercule Poirot type character. There's a bit more humor and self-awareness than a lot of those classic stories, but never to the degree that it takes away from the twists and the mysteries. And there are some good twists. In fact one of the biggest mysteries is revealed midway through the movie which actually led me to check the time thinking "damn, are we near the end already?" but nope, they were just taking the movie on a left turn to Albuquerque that I did not anticipate and changed the course of the whole thing. Johnson has constructed a great mystery in the spirit of the classics. The fun of it too is how many twists there are without it ever feeling overdone. In that way also you can predict a few twists, but not another, so have fun feeling smart and still feel surprised by the others. It's just a classic fun film of its type.
Pimp My Agatha Christie!

Hated Last Jedi. Loved this.
As a fan of mysteries (Sherlock Holmes, Poirot, Columbo, Monk, Psych.etc.) I was thrilled to see someone making a classic style whodunnit...and the cast! Figure you can't go wrong. Well I enjoyed it & while the cast all have time to shine it is Daniel Craig with his Southern drawl & especially Ana de Armas that steal the show. For anyone keeping away because they hated The Last Jedi...I agree, it was my least favourite of all the Star Wars films, but this is a well written film that was well acted and I can only hope this will inspire others to reinvigorate the murder mystery genre.
Well worth tucking into

Refreshing revisit of the classic "Whodunnit"

Kind of overrated to me

fun time at the movies

It's like, did I miss something
I saw the film a few months back and now that I noticed it is available for home watch decided to check the eating again, as at the time it was way too high in my opinion. I thought it would have gone down. It has not. Did I miss something spectacular about this film? Do I not have a sense of humor? I don't get it. It was ok. A bit slow. And absolutely nothing special. I think the ending was revealed too early and the twist was not suprising nor did I care about it. Weird.
Nice take on murder mystery!
Generally speaking you tend to find more murder mystery TV shows than movies, this is partially since it's hard to build a complete mystery in the allotted movie running time.
This movie builds this murder beautifully by showing the different points of views of the suspects. It has a different take than other movies since it gives the viewer a little too much details mid-movie which leaves you questioning everything to the last minute.
The acting was brilliant and I didn't feel the number of characters was overdoing it at any stage.
Just saw it and do not understand the hype
I'm a mystery lover and have seen and read every Agatha Christie tale. I found this movie very slow for the first half. Second half picked up but again there was no deep mystery of whodunit, nor the charm and period atmosphere of a Poirot episode (which I can watch over and over - thank you David Suchet and the other main actors). The lead actress was very attractive, but the vomiting was definitely disgusting to watch, as well as ridiculously unbelievable (I guess that was the funny part?). Some of the characters had been under the sunlamp too many times or smoked way too often and looked weather-beaten. Did not like the sucking on cigars constantly. The last part was more entertaining and finally there was the rapid-fire conclusion thank the Lord. Agree that Daniel Craig with that southern accent was just super annoying. Great grandmother bored me after first moments of her being silent in an odd hat. Over and over. It moved pretty slowly for me at times. I guess I'm in a minority on this one. I'm not saying it was terrible but it was not a great movie for me.
Is something wrong with me?

How can this film currently have a 6.8 rating when it's one of the best pictures of the year?!

A fun little mystery with a slick pay off

"My House My Rules My Coffee"

Daniel Craig and Cast are so entertaining
Mr. Craig does the heavy acting lifting. But kudos to all the cast. I miss the comedy part. But I love how the toxic family dynamic is developed. I give it 9 because it harkens back to older mysteries. I'm over 60. So please indulge a geezer's nostalgic tastes.
Just a great murder mystery
The plot was great and the characters fantastic but what thrilled me the most was the way it was all put together: cinematography, music, editing. It all fit perfectly to incite the right amount of thrill in the audience.
Just okay
Mildly entertaining with a great cast and high production value. The story is soft but not awful. I can't imagine saying this film deserves more than a 6.
The perfect whodunnit film
Beautifully filmed and thought out very well which to me is good enough! Great ensemble cast that did excellent acting among adding hilarious parts in many scenes. Absolutely love Daniel Craig and Ana De Amas did awesome! I'm sure Knives Out has mixed opinions but I am very glad I got to see an early screening.
Rather Dull
Enjoyable in patches, it just doesn't engage. Hollywood has a long history of silly accents, and the accent adopted by Daniel Craig is just plain daft and simply not needed. Why oh why do actors agree to do such things. The biggest irony for me is there is a clip of an episode of 'murder she wrote' and every episode of that Angela Lansbury series was better written and acted than this film. The director can't make his mind up whether this is comedy, pastiche or a real murder mystery. Some of the acting is appalling and none of it that good. The script is badly written and the continuity dodgy in places. There have been other films that have tried such plots with dysfunctional families and none seem to work but such stories seem to on the small screen.
Rian Johnson has done it yet again

Nice
Good story with a creative and effective delivery. Very well written screenplay with all loose ends tied up together and reasonable foreshadowing and morals that echoes throughout, but there weren't any striking moments even to the point of final reveal, possibly due to the addition of yet more details approaching the end in an attempt to create a (slightly) forced satisfying end. Unnecessary characters and scenes that serve little to no purpose in the story other than for comedic effect were present, which maybe one of the reasons why audience may have a sense of emptyness when leaving the theatre. Nonetheless, Knives Out remains a fresh form of storytelling that is trying to achieve and convey more than your ordinary murder mystery.
The IMDb star-rating on this is so inaccurate, it's pathetic!
I actually wish  would do away with the star-rating portion of their website because it doesn't give an accurate rating for films and this film is a perfect example. Everyone knows that there are many bitter Star Wars fanboys rating this film low because they are still so bitter over Rian Johnson's The Last Jedi and as a result, they are going to try to ruin any of Rian's future films. They really need to just get over it and get a life, already. DON'T believe the Star-Rating of This Film Because It's Mostly from Bitter Star Wars Fanboys Rating the Film LOW ON PURPOSE!, obviously. Anyone who has actually seen this film would be brain-dead to rate it low or to not give it a good review because this film is so freaking entertaining! I could see it again and again. It's so different than the crap that has been in the theaters lately. It's fun, it's thrilling, it's wacky, it has so many twists and turns that it always keeps you guessing. And for the cast, what a freaking cast! I couldn't even tell you who the MVP of the cast was. They were all fantastic. We need more films like this and less big explosions, stupid plot films. I for one, will give this the true star-rating it deserves! 10/10!!!!! Bitter Star Wars fanboys, you can keep being immature and rating it low, but it isn't going to change the fact that the film is great and I'm going to encourage every single person to go out and see it pronto when it hits theaters!
