Surreal & Psychedelic

Really Really not for everyone but...

Very Metal
I really enjoyed this film. Honestly, I'm really close to saying that I loved it. This movie is wonderfully inventive, beautifully shot, and totally unlike anything else I've ever seen before. Plus, you get to see Nick Cage fight with chainsaws. What's not to like?
"I See The Reaper, Fast Approaching!"...

Good revenge movie
If you think killing John Wick's dog is dangerous wait until you see what happens when you rip Nic Cage's favorite shirt.
Acid Trip

David Lynch meets Hellraiser meets Rob Zombie
Just a brief review here summed up in two words...Absolutely Mental.
Style over substance
Take away the camera filters and lens flares and you are left with an unoriginal revenge film for which there are many better, there's far too many unnecessary slow-motion shots which stretch the thin plot out unbearably to over 2 hours. Critics seem to be lapping it up for its style but I need more then that.
A film like no other
Mandy is a visually gorgeous film that's like no other film. Panos Cosmatos' direction is incredible and the action sequences are great. Nicolas Cage gives an incredibly committed performance that's both emotional and unhinged when required. Andrea Riseborough and Linus Roache both give great supporting performances. The music by Johann Johannsson is fantastic.
Entertainingly insane

Wasted potential, style over substance

A brilliantly bonkers trippy revenge horror

Let's all hear it for the Cheddar Goblin.

A Good Artist May Take Drugs, but Taking Drugs Doesn't Automatically Make You A Good Filmmaker
This film is just..awful. There's actually a mention about a bad batch of LSD, which obviously the whole crew must have taken...Bad photography, full of kitsch colour filters, to try to render the effects of (bad) drugs, awful dialogs which anyone in their right mind would laugh at, 2 hours of a really boring bad trip...
Want something visually stunning, without having to take drugs? Blueberry, by Jan Kounen.
Want something a bit more mind-challenging? Altered States, by Ken Russel
Want something a bit more fun and gore? Shrooms, by Paddy Breathnach, or Crank, by Mark Neveldine.
The point is: this film fails completely, as a thriller, horror, or crime movie. Even back in the 80's, there were already much better films around. The producers must have taken too much bad coke to believe in this project.
And speaking of drugs, since the 90's at least, there's MDMA and other empathogens: obviously, this crew missed out on that...Never at one moment during the film do you feel the slightest kind of empathy or sympathy whatsoever for any of the characters...So is it just supposed to be some kind of revenge movie? Even there, you'll find plenty of better movies than this one...
So, my advice: smoke a good joint, or not, but watch something else! There's really nothing new here despite the hype...!
Buckle up for a dark nightmare

Very unique and rewatchable

GORE! DRUGS! REVENGE!!

Nic Cage carries this as Red, revenge for his wife Mandy.

Bad
I was really waiting for this movie and thought it would be Cage's return but boy I was wrong. 2 hours of absolutely nothing in red colour. Please save your money and do not believe good reviews. Avoid at all costs.
Color me --- Dead

A hypnotic fever dream of nightmarish proportions propelled by a reliably crazy performance from Nicolas Cage

Pointless
No idea, no goal, super slow, its a complete waste of time, i usually find the positives in any movie, even if its bad, but man that was a whole new level
THERE'S A CHAINSAW FIGHT AND A NIGHTBEAST REFERENCE, WHAT MORE DO YOU NEED TO KNOW?

Should have been a short film
There's some good stuff here, but there's a lot that's complete trash. Shots are needlessly long and there's literally twenty completely unnecessary scenes. It took over an hour to progress the story to any level of interest. It's a shame because there's such potential here.
Nick Cage's Trippin' Balls of Fire
I thought I had seen it all when it comes to movies with Nick Cage in them. The good, the bad, the ultrabad... I was wrong: I was missing the crazy.
This not really a story that we're seeing unfold there. t is, rather, a psychedelic trip the director had after snorting the ashes of an incinerated abomination, cremated right after a female cenobite gave birth to it during a shroom-induced seizure. The locations exist in two flavours only: surreal or mundane. Nothing is done to explain Nick's weapon of choice, there are weird bits of cartoon scattered all around the piece... the only thingthis vaguely reminds me of is the spirit that reigned in Metal Hurlant, only much darker in tone. And for such a paroxystic piece, it's a very slow burner, so you'll never know where you stand with the pace or the plot.
That movi is made to be analyzed by cinema students and psychiatry interns. It's certainly not mùeant for the average moviegoer looking for a good time.
