For those who didn't like the movie because of its second half

One of the best films of this decade

You name a genre, this movie covers it

Meritocracy: it's metaphorical

Engaging as a drama, with an intelligent social aspect to it

A true masterpiece.

An original dark comedy about class struggles
This is a well written and well perfomed original film. With a lot of repetitive cinema these day i felt this was something new. I felt connected and engaged with the character throughout the film. There are several well directed tense moments throughout the film. A popular topic of class struggled well portrayed. Its always nice to see foreign language films having worldwide success.
Thoroughly entertaining
PARASITE is an excellent effort from Korean director Bong Joon Ho, a talent I've long admired since seeing THE HOST over a decade ago. He's had his ups and downs over the years, although they've generally been ups rather than downs, but this is perhaps his towering masterpiece. It's a quiet and reflective work, his maturist yet, a parable playing out which looks at class divide in a scathing and extremely telling way. The issue is universal, which is why this film did so well abroad (and at the Oscars), although I've been championing the quality of South Korean cinema for a long time. The technical qualities are exemplary and the acting is particularly astounding, with an unusual storyline building to an unexpected climax. A film that thoroughly entertains as well as making you think.
A brilliant piece of art which will slowly grows on you!
Well written and performed also technically shines cinematography & bgm are too good and there's not even a single lag it's perfectly edited. Probably the best experience in recent times. Its pure art resembles the modern society the emotions they had shelved are insanely exceptional a layered masterpiece. If you like dark thrillers then you shouldn't miss Mr. Bong joon-ho's Parasite. Definitely tops the list of best movies in 2019.
Achieves what Jordan Peele set out to do with Us

The movie was entertaining but not Oscar-worthy
I found the movie entertaining. I was expecting more duplicity and schemes from the Kim family once they infiltrated the rich family. It moved slow at first but picked up pace towards the middle. While I was entertained, I was shocked that this movie won the 2019 Academy Award for Best Picture over the far superior 1917.
One of the most thought provoking films I've ever seen
Do you want to see a movie that will have your stomach in knots, anxious during many scenes? Do you want to see a movie that will have you conflicted on who you're rooting for? Regardless of your answers, see Parasite.
Parasite ticks along quietly until it is booming in your ears. The symbolism varies. Sometimes it is obvious, Bong Joon-ho might as well have made the subtitles spell it out. But other times it is more subtle, and you might realize a connection or symbolism days or weeks after. Bong Joon-ho is a master at that.
The conversation that it sparks is worth the $13-20 it costs to see the film. Parasite has made me think more than most films I've seen. Give it a watch, see it with friends or family and the dinner table will have a conversation overflowing with opinions and realizations.
I'm baffled by the over the top praise.
The film is interesting, but that's about it. The first hour was really slow, the whole class thing seemed quite familiar. I'm not sure why people are falling over themselves about this film, maybe since it was Korean yet with an accessible story and familiar film language that it suddenly moved westerners to 'see the light'? Anyway, the second half twists and turns struck me more as a wacky story line I would have seen on a soap opera back in the day like Young and the Restless or Days of our Lives. Overall, I'm more critical of the critics than of the film. I recommend seeing this, it's worth a look but all the Oscars and 'best film of the decade' stuff is incomprehensible.
OVERRATED - OVERRATED - OVERRATED

Society can only be as strong as its most vulnerable people

Multilayered portrayal of the real Korea

It's so metaphorical

A black comedy on social inequality

FUNNY, TURNS SUDDENLY TWISTED, THEN SAD
This movie is so masterfully written and presented with a large cast that older audiences will realize how rare movies like this have become. Its enjoyment comes from getting to know the members of two extremely different families, one very poor, the other very rich. How their lives come together is the wickedly enjoyable first half; then, in the second half the house of cards begins to shake and finally collapse with a fury we both dread - and perhaps even enjoy. Though our enjoyment probably has as much to do with the movie-making skills than with the nasty turn of events in the violent final scenes.
If you see only one foreign language film this year, this should be it. Exciting and provocative throughout, it is wonderfully acted and packed with significance for all who live in a polarized society where so many live in luxury, while others live in comparative squalor just a few blocks away. Deserves all the accolades it has already - and surely will continue - to receive.
Whose the parasite and whose the cow?!

unpredictable, eerie and with original horror plot
Nowadays, the horror movies seem to be just about blood, gores, and fear-inducing trite. Parasite is breaking the mold in this category as well as in the realm of Hollywood. The synopsis won't be needed as you need to see it for yourself, and for your own good. The fact that Hollywood has already adapted its plot and is currently in the works with the help of its director proves its ingenuity.
Thought It Might Win Best Foreign Movie

simple opinion without any spoilers

Nonsense
A veteran chauffeur, his wife and their kid wonders, one fluent in English, the other an art wiz with expert computer skills and mastermind deception skills, are all unemployed (!) and lives in a scummy basement, where they fold pizza boxes for peanuts. With wildly implausible easy they con a rich family (ridiculous caricatures of rich people who apparently got rich by being soooo stupid) into employing them. First the son, then the sister, then the father ... you get it ... sleep-inducing snail's pace to the predictable setup where the entire family has leeched their way into the rich people's home. Once inside the home, the rich family goes on a vacation, and the poor family literally start ripping the home apart in a stupid drunken frenzy?? The old housekeeper (which they got rid of in a horrible way, causing a dangerous allergic reaction) shows up, and for some reason they let her in?? Turns out the old housekeeper is keeping her husband in a hidden basement under the house, where he has been living for four years (best explanation to why is that he is hiding from loan sharks). He has been flickering the lights morse code-style which the small boy of the house has deciphered (but he never tells anyone and it is therefore utterly pointless). Each family now knows each other's secret, so they are in a stalemate. Right? Movie apparently forgets this, an instead we end up with a big fight. A lot of nonsense. A flood. Then a lot more violence. Poor father kills wealthy father (because of his arrogance towards the poor which have a certain odor), then leaves his own two wounded children to die, running to hide in the basement (he would actually have to step over his son, who lies half dead in an enormous puddle of blood in order to get to the basement, but I think the director forgot this - add it to the five million other plot holes!). At some point near the ending - where the movie takes another tonal shift towards the sentimental - I realized that we are actually supposed to sympathize with the poor family, despite how EVIl they have acted the entire movie ... This movie is wildly implausible, first half wildly predictable, full of weird tonal changes and plot holes. Everything is overly constructed to underline some muddled point about social inequality, but nothing really makes sense. I loved "Snowpiercer" but this is total crap.
