There is always an alternative

Yes, it's a metaphor, but it's a tense one.
I just came across it again after-hours on TV and rewatched the whole thing, although i have seen it twice back in 2013. For the ones who'd want to check it out and dont mind a dark violent social commentary this is a treat. Good cast, good acting (Chris Evans and Tilda Swinton are a highlight), good action and relentless pace. Probably most are familiar with the story of snowpiercer, the train that holds the last of humans and keeps going around the world, while its people are split in sections in the train. That story itself constitutes a great -but not new- metaphor about society. I would keep the metaphor in the background as the backbone of the story and focus on the other exciting elements of the film, which are very rewarding. Good film, 8/10
Wastes too much time on pointless action instead of developing its ideas

A big confusing mess

Cold and derailing
This film reminded me of many lost occasions in cinema where script themes were extremely compelling but poorly executed (think about In Time). The smart idea behind the movie (which comes from the graphic novel La Transperceniege) representing capitalism as a self fuelling train riding across a desert world where no alternative could survive is mostly shadowed by bold action sequences and cliches. This trend reaches the climax in the last 30/40 minutes, as the ending shows us the trite scene of the "final encounter with the villain" along with very predictable events. The characters are hollow, rigid and stereotypical as their dialogues are. Differently from his masterpiece Parasite, neither personal nor societal introspection is here elaborated. Unfortunately, Mr Joon-Ho had a visionary novel that he decided to transpose in an average Hollywood style action movie.
I Didn't Think I'd Like it

Refreshing

It's commentary, not plot holes.

Quite underwhelming; it isn't as brilliant as I expected it to be.

Dark social science fiction

Snowpiercer

Now that is how you make the transition from a Korean to an English language film without losing your personal stamp and style

the unsustainability of system
The opening scene was psychedelic and the ending was insane. It was a great black humorous movie. The resonance of the kindergarten song burst into flames, satirizing the instant sensation. The rule of the old class needs the maintenance of cockroach protein. The change of the new class begins with the awakening of cannibals. If it were you, how would you choose?
Plot holes galore

Fusion of art house and mainstream

One of the movies that friends can talk about for hours after the movie

For most of the 1 star reviewers, this is their only review.

If you watch one, watch the other

Who cares if 'that's not how trains work'?
I rarely write reviews and will keep it brief. It's a fun movie! It's by no means the best, but an enjoyable story to watch. A lot of the bad reviews really do bang on endlessly about it not being believable. It's not, it's science fiction, why does it need to be believable? Seems like there are a lot of train fans getting their point across such 'the under carriage would need to be serviced'..... for those less uptight about train stuff, give it ago. I nearly skipped it because of the low reviews, glad I didn't; the higher star rating is definitely earned.
A welcome, odd little thing

1984, Animal Farm, and now Snowpiercer.

Don't Think Too Hard; Go Along for the Ride
This movie is so full of heavy handed surrealism, it's hard to really evaluate it. If one looks at the realities of the plot, you give up in a minute. I almost did. But then you accept the fact that some guy has built a train that goes on endlessly, filled with multi-generational passengers who represent a sort of caste system. The have nots are in the back and the haves are in the front. In between are groups of military types, junkies, a preppy school, and on and on. The poor folk live on things that look like tar like Jell-o jigglers but manage to maintain their health. Why they are being kept alive is a mystery at first, but ultimately the bad guys are going to be seen for what they are. The world has been launched into an ice age through human stupidity and bad science, so no one can leave the train. The battle is never clear because it seems that its a suicide mission, but there are so many inconsistencies and plot holes that we can only look at this like a futurist "Pilgrim's Progress" with a lesson to be learned. Previous viewers have put forth list of these failings so I won't go into them. Suffice it to say that it's one of the most unique films I've seen, and that makes it worth our time.
A Crazy Parable

very messy movie
I did not like this movie, although it is very suspenful with good catch for the viewer but I didn't find it very interesting because the flow of scenes and progress of events has been a little bit slow.
Lame, ridiculous and illogical

