Initially avoided this movie, but when I watched it I felt like an idiot.

Better than I expected.
This was the perfect family night movie. I loved the music although at first I thought it would be annoying. I enjoyed the scenes and the costumes and everything about this magical film. I would definitely watch it again.
This is ... me/you/it

As Soon As It Was Over, I Wanted to See It Again
I love the circus. I love quality cinema. Not since Billy Rose's Jumbo (1962) has a motion picture so successfully combined these two elements. I wouldn't be surprised if it won the same awards as Cecil B. DeMille's The Greatest Show on Earth (1952). Michael Gracey skillfully brought together the best music, choreography, cast, cinematography, visual effects, costumes, and set decoration I have seen in recent years, all fresh and original, and integrated them into nothing short of a masterpiece.
Critics are Wrong
I have never written a movie review but I couldn't let this jewel of a movie be slammed by the cynical critics without saying how much I loved it. This was the perfect movie for our family on Christmas Day. Don't pay attention to the "professional" reviews; judge by the moviegoers who are praising the movie. It was moving, upbeat, and romantic. Can't say enough good things about it. Hugh Jackman, Zac Efron, Michelle Williams, and Zendaya are all so talented. Go see it in the theater to really appreciate how magical this movie is.
A Birthday Surprise
Sunday was my niece's birthday. 16. I invited her and two of her friends to do whatever they wanted. They chose to stay home, eat cake and watch The Greatest Showman on HBO and I thought Oh no. But, I had cake with them and sat to watch this Michael Gracy, who? Michael Gracy to see the story of PT Barnum with Hugh Jackman. Sentimental and pretty, yes but also, engrossing, moving, beautiful and structured in such a way that doesn't fall into the usual biopic traps. It moves at a breathless pace with smart and unexpected transitions. Hugh Jackman is great and Michelle Williams truthful to a fault. She's never less than that. What a wonderful actress. Zac Effron gives, what it may very well be, his most convincing performance and the Swedish actress Rebecca Ferguson was a revelation to me. The script by Jenny Bicks and the remarkable Bill Condon tells a classic tale with contemporary rhythms and contemporary pace. Needless to say, I enjoyed it much more that I could possibly had imagine. So, thank you Lilli, happy 16!
Forget the critics - Just enjoy the movie
As usual, the critics fail to grasp the obvious. Does the movie entertain? Yes, it does. Absolutely. Sure, it may not match the real story, and many things are not based in reality, but that's the point! It's a movie! It is a fun musical, very well done and enjoyable.If it was a made up story about John G. Pigglestack, then the critics would have nothing to complain about. I actually likes this much better than La La Land. Guess it's more upbeat. Musicals are a rare breed. Enjoy them while you can.
A Unique Presentation Befitting Barnum Himself

Surpassed My Expectations
This is possibly one of the best films I have ever seen in this genre.
From the start to finish, I felt that there was some inaudible and invisible metronome setting the overall pace of the film, a consistent rhythm within many rhythms, if that makes sense. Everything about this film had perfect timing. Editing was seamless. Attention to detail was mind blowing, costumes outstanding. Special effects... whoa. Acting was flawless. I really can't find anything to criticize. 
To summarize in a sentence, first class family entertainment.
OBSESSED OBSESSED OBSESSED
Half way through the film I was already figuring out when I can see it again!!! Incredible performances, songs and everything in between
Good Choreography but Sloppy Story

ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!
It has been SO long since a movie/musical made me feel so...HAPPY!
This movie is absolutely FANTASTIC! Everything from the incredible, toe-tapping, music to the heartfelt, dream-filled, story-line! I was so immersed in the movie that at some point I totally forgot I was sitting in a packed theater on Christmas Night! I'll even admit that I broke the cardinal rule and actually turned on my cell phone to download the the ENTIRE soundtrack while still in the theater...and I was only two songs in!! I will also admit that I am a 42yr old who left that theater feeling like a little kid again, wishing that I can twirl my way to the car without being looked at as crazy! LOL!! I've already seen it twice in as many days, and I plan on seeing it TONS more until I can own it for myself! It is DEFINITELY a movie that you have to experience in a theater though, so PLEASE ignore the snub-nosed critics and go see this magical film! You won't regret it!
too little variety in the music

A sugar rush

Hugh Jackman Singing and Dancing. Need I say more?

Don't go to deep
Just watch and enjoy it, it's fun and that's what I want In times like these, and my kids love it!
A mediocre, forgettable film!
The Greatest Showman, directed by Michael Gracey, is a star-studded musical which blesses our eyes with Hugh Jackman, Zac Efron, Zendaya
The movie starts with the character of Hugh Jackman, P.T Barnum, as a poor child who dreams of making it big to marry the girl of his dreams, Charity - the daughter of the man that he works for
As it progresses, we see P.T marry Charity and have two wonderful daughters all the while trying to make it big to prove Charity's father that he's a husband worthy of having. P.T has an idea of opening a museum, which fails but her daughters suggest that his museum needs more life and "alive" things. So, P.T auditions for people with unique characteristics that will attract audiences and sees his museum transform into a circus. 
Now there are some technical and narrative problems in the overall film. To begin with, there is a clear lack of depth in plot and story. For instance, the film ditches exploring various characters' lives. For instance, it barely skims over the main plot points to give us a summarised, not to mention historically inaccurate, view of P.T Barnum's life. So what could have been an adventure of a film, the writers instead chose to make it appeal to a mass-audience and in the process gave us a hardly memoriable story. 
Secondly, I can't help but say it, that the movie uses its songs only to tighten it grip on the audiences' attention. The musical numbers were forgettable, loud and for the most part glossy. Although, the choreography was decent if not brilliant. 
The fact that most of the acting performances were too sweet-mouthed and cringy also never helped TGS's cause. Zac Efron managed to shine, Zendaya as well, but Hugh Jackman gave a very ordinary performance and relied on his star power for the most part. Most dialogues were melodramatic and the presence of the extras struggled to contribute to the feel-goody nature of the film. The screenplay had some cliched plot points: a love triangle; the rise, fall and eventual rise of P.T Barnum. The predictability created disinterest and caused the film to fall flat on its wheels by the time the painfully long third act even began.
Sorry, critics, you got it wrong...
Ok, so I'm not a movie critic, and I'm sure they look at things differently than I do. I almost hesitated to see this movie because of the critic reviews, but I'm glad I went anyway. This movie is insanely good. The acting, original music, singing, and imagination is fantastic. Bravo to the cast, crew and Michael Gracey for putting together a phenomenally entertaining and captivating film. Don't listen to the critics, see this movie. This soundtrack will be on repeat in my car for MONTHS.
A heartwarming and thoroughly touching film

A work of art
I love, love, love the movie/musical genre, so I really do want to rate this high. There should be so much more of this. I appreciate that this movie feels like a carefully planned artwork of image, song and dance choreography, and that it dares to be little theatrical. Storywise it's admittedly a bit flimsy, but still fun to watch. Would have been even better if I felt more drawn into the story and if that second song (with the young boy singing) wasn't so cringe worthy. The effects where the movie had a theatre-like vibe made this movie especially fun to watch, just wish they added that even more consistently throughout. All and all fun for movie/musical fanatics, and probably not so much if you dislike cheesy song and dance.
Simply Astounding

Never Enough

A Musical for the Masses
It's hard to come up with something that hasn't already been said. Are critics are wrong? Yes. Does it have great music? Absolutely. Will you want to watch it again and again? Almost certainly. The entire cast does phenomenally well singing and dancing and for many, this achievement will be the first line in their biographies. It's a musical that is generally inspiring and evokes good feelings, but still takes you on an emotional journey. It's far from a documentary on P.T. Barnum, but that's not it's purpose. As someone obsessed with Hamilton to the point where I listened to the soundtrack everyday for 2 years before seeing it live on Broadway, I avoided watching this one because I just assumed it couldn't even come close. I was wrong. I'm not saying it's better than Hamilton or even as good because I don't think anything will ever be, but The Greatest Showman is definitely a modern classic that earns a place on the list of must-see musicals. Despite its 19th century setting, the songs are fresh, modern, up-beat numbers that can only be described as instant classics. Just try NOT singing along, I dare you. This is not an old school musical like West Side Story or The Sound of Music; it's very modern in the best sense of the word. The choreography and dancing are also first rate and the movie engages you and sweeps you along so well that by the end, you won't even believe it's been an hour and forty-five minutes. I could watch this weekly and never tire of it. Rather than the critics, trust the viewer reviews, the box office numbers, and the fact that it stayed popular in theaters for so long, they had to forcibly pull it before it's popularity waned because the DVD was about to drop and the streaming deals were about to kick in. If you've ever seen a single musical you liked, you're sure to love this one. If you've never enjoyed a musical before, the. this may be the one to bring you into the fold.
A Fun Spectacle with the Potential for So Much More

Brilliant moments but incoherent storytelling

