Tasks for your survival

This is a rare, light-hearted science fiction film.
This is a rare, light-hearted science fiction film that deliberately downplays the most common fears about the future and the unknown universe, focusing instead on human effort and the science that can save humanity.The film has a tech-geek's idiocy and optimism. (Matt Damon, of course, did it perfectly.)Even if the movie is a little bit stereotypical in its emotional setting, it can still touch the audience at crucial moments.
Ridley proving himself once again
Strong, well-executed, moving. Classic Scott-style directing, with its fast pace, yet never leaving emotion behind, keeping you glued to the screen throughout the runtime. Reminiscent of the original Alien, yet clearly proving the director's overall increased maturity and experience. My thoughts on the cinematography are mixed, from the one hand side the movie features a particularly bland color palette, most sequences however are nice, vivid and well-balanced. What strikes me the most is the fact that they didn't account for the reduced gravity on Mars, however not only is the price cut behind this clear, but also you forget it surprisingly easily in the first 10 minutes or so, since everything else is so gripping. The visual effects are simply flawless, realistic to the maximum and beautiful at the same time. The story itself and the characters are simply masterful, not at all out-of-this-world, or should i say the way facts are presented combined with the pacing makes you believe it's all happening at the time you're watching the movie. Though i am probably not meant to make this comparison, it leaves (in my humble opinion) Nolan's "Interstellar", a great movie on its own, completely in the dust, simply proving the effect Scott's experience has had on his work. A must-watch.
pleasantly surprised
Seeing that the movie was over 2 hrs long, and knowing that the person was going to be stuck on the planet by their self for the majority, I didn't have high hopes for it. Usually these types of movies are boring. Not a lot of writers can pull this off. This movie was really good tho. A group of us watched it and really enjoyed. There were some things they failed to explain, that we collectively came up with our own answer for. Other than that, it was great. I never felt bored or left waiting for more. Overall, I feel it was very well written, produced and acted. Well worth the watching. Some people on here have griped that it was 'predictable', but then, most movies are. Who ever watched Star Wars with the thought that Vader would ultimately win??? Who ever watched Star Trek thinking that Kirk wouldn't find a way to save the day? And frankly, who grew up watching Scooby Doo thinking that someone would actually kill Scooby, Shaggy, Fred, Daphne or Velma???
Entertaining and slick enough to make you go with it

It's hard to imagine Ridley Scott directing a film like this one....

I Am The Only One Who Was Not Disappointed

Roasted, Mashed, Boiled, Sauteed? How'd you do your Potatoes?

Expected more

My favourite movie of the last decade

Not the film you think it is.
The Martian (2015) directed by Ridley Scott, written by Drew Goddard, based on the novel by Andy Weir. This is not the film you think it is. To elaborate, the premise of the The Martian suggests a tale about one man's solitary struggle against seemingly insurmountable odds as he overcomes one hurdle after another while stranded on Mars. Isolated and detached from humanity in every sense of the word we would expect to see a mans emotional and intellectual battle with this overbearing desolation and the pain of never seeing his loved ones again. However, in stark contrast to this what we get is an eternally optimistic film with a persistently upbeat, wise-cracking protagonist set to a soundtrack of '70s disco music. The tone is consistently light throughout, save for a few fleeting moments such as when Matt Damon's character mentions his parents on earth or the brief moments when something doesn't quite go to plan at NASA. When they do encounter a problem it's resolved so quickly it scarcely seems to have posed any threat. The films insistence on never getting weighed down by it's subject matter unfortunately means that it fails to produce any real tension. From very early on in the film it's clear that everything will be OK by the end, one way or another this astronaut is getting home safe, that much you can be sure on. Consequently what we have then is an entertaining, easy to watch space travel story in which we watch an astronaut devise some nifty scientific devices to help him survive in his man made habitat while he waits for NASA to rescue him. There are several scenes where Damon's character actually seems to be enjoying himself. The character development is paper thin, he starts of a self assured, relatively cheerful every-man who endears himself to us almost instantly. By the end of the film he remains exactly that, his harrowing experience of surviving a harsh alien wasteland after being left for dead by his crew has failed to instill even the slightest sense of self-reflection or introspective behavior. The question then remains, does this make it a 'bad' film? My answer is no. It's just not what you'd expect from a Ridley Scott sci-fi. It's an easy going film with a likable protagonist, a healthy dose of humour with just a touch of sentimentality. I will say that I appreciated that we had both a female captain leading the space crew and not even the slightest hint of an unnecessary romantic subplot. Adjust your expectations and you'll have a good time. If, however, you were hoping for a masterpiece of suspense that brilliantly captures the terrifying dangers of space, Scott already made that film in 1979.
The best of 2015...
The film is the finest examples of science fiction and science fiction embodies everything required. Matt Damon has given the right role until the end of the case. Besides the fact that one does not really need. All movies have moved on their own. We have seen examples of this, such as the Buried and 127 Hours of very good quality movies. The master Ridley Scott's science fiction after a long separation has made a great comeback with this film case. After this film, Ridley Scott disappointing those who say the sound was cut. Thank you for this wonderful film Ridley masters. Maybe the best in 2015, as I mentioned in the title.
Were my expectations too high?

More marshmallow than Martian!

Smart, exciting crowd-pleaser
Exceptional sci-fi drama from Ridley Scott about an astronaut (Matt Damon) stranded on Mars and the efforts made to rescue him. As others have pointed out, there's more than a little bit here that reminds you of movies like Apollo 13 and Cast Away (particularly the former). I fail to see how that's a knock on it but it's being presented as such by some. We all come to movies with our own expectations and baggage. I'm not a Scott fanboy expecting him to wow me (his last two films were not great). I just wanted to be entertained and this did the trick. It's a movie aimed at the masses that is smarter than your average movie aimed at the masses. Maybe it's not for all nerds (a quick glance at some of the reviews shows a lot of inane nit-picking from people who seem to have no concept of dramatic license), but I didn't find the movie dumbed-down at all. I also want to say how much I appreciated that this managed to stay remarkably light and positive while still maintaining the tension, proving once again that you don't have to be depressing to be good drama. If you haven't seen The Martian yet, you should. It's a great film with a first-rate cast, good direction, and stellar effects. If you're just looking for a quality movie to entertain you for a while, this should be something you'll enjoy.
Insanely watchable

The Martian: A Classic by all means.

Great, realistic enough Sci-Fi movie

Thrilling Sci-Fi Survival Adaptation

Fun but Far From Great
This is certainly an entertaining film as a formula movie. It's fun like the earlier "Independence Day" film with Bill Pullman and Will Smith. We put a poor guy in an untenable situation, trapped on a planet when his colleagues are forced to take off and leave him behind. As a scientist, he does miraculous things to stay alive, including creating a greenhouse where he can grow potatoes (that just happen to be on board providing seed). That's OK. That's a plot element. He also has incredible knowledge of all the incredible stuff left behind on Mars. An amazing rover as well as a nuclear device. That's OK too because we can't have a plot without something for this guy to do. Where it falls down is in the reality of NASA (which we are told are a pack of insensitive boobs or nerds). They are going to do this and then they are going to do that. Jeff Daniels plays a stuck-in-the-mud guy who is only concerned about the politics of the job. I love Matt Damon. I've seen nearly everything he has done. He's adequate in this film but certainly not Academy Award material. He expresses almost no emotions other than a couple little under-control tantrums. What about the loneliness, the sameness of every day? Years of eating potatoes. Anyway, it is candy for those who don't want to think very much. It's very impresstive looking and the special effects are awesome. We've become a bit spoiled, I guess. Things by the formula.
A welcome return to form for Ridley Scott.

safe,dull and ... predictable
I went to see the martian with high expectations,hoping to get a story that will take you by your throat keeps you on the tip of your seat and thrill you,surprise you...etc etc...i got nothing of the above!! instead i watched a very dull,predictable and very safe movie,Matt Damon,i really love as an actor but he never got to me,i simply was not taken by his acting,it just did not come across,the surrounding characters were so predictable,the young and beautiful captain,another young chick and a science head...the happy Latino...a German...oh please give me a break,who wrote this,and sorry to say but the name Ridley Scott seems to disappoint me more and more the last years.The scene where his garden gets blown away i saw coming from a mile,the science well,that was nicely done for a 10year your kid,but for me it looked like a Sunday afternoon cable movie,safe and predictable.There were so many things they could have done differently,also the music did nothing good for it.the photography could have been done so much better...i am very disappointed.
The Martian: "Cast Away" Meets "Apollo 13"

Futurism and Nostalgia

Balancing out good reviews

