Great fun in the vein of "Indiana Jones"...

Not much Horror, Just a Good Movie

"We are in some serious trouble"

Great Adventurous Fun!
Certainly this Universal remake is more in the vain of Indiana Jones rather than the original Mummy.  It is high on adventure and comedy, and wins because of it.  The sets, scenery, special effects are all first-rate.  The film is fast-paced from beginning to end and is very suspenseful.  Stephen Sommers again shows his talent as a director for creating action-packed adventure with a high level of comedic overtones.  The cast are all very good in their roles, yet none of them seem really to be taking themselves or the film too serious.  Brendan Fraser is an affable hero, and Rachel Weisz makes a good heroine.  Good support comes from John Hannah, Kevin J. O'Connor, and the mummy, Arnold Vosloo.  Also a real treat was seeing Bernard Fox in a small role as an aging British pilot.  Don't expect the old mummy of lore in this one, but sit down and have one heck of a ride...a rollercoaster of hijinks in the sands of Egypt.
GREAT ENTERTAINMENT!!

One of my all time favorite movies

Actual quote - "Rescue the damsel in distress, kill the bad guy, save the world."

Fun adventure film

Very likable horror adventure.
The Mummy is a fun and likable horror adventure, that doesn't take itself too seriously. True, there are a few discrepancies in the script, it is a tad overlong and Kevin J.Connor's Beni mayn't be to everyone's tastes, but it is a solid film of its genre. The visuals are absolutely stunning, every scene with the Egyptian desert is enough to take your breath away, and the costumes are very nice too. The music by the one and only Jerry Goldsmith is a very creepy and atmospheric score, and just goes to show what a talented composer Goldsmith was. I will admit some of it is quite scary, and that is an understatement, I do confess being scared of the film when I saw it for the first time when I was 9(I'm 17 now), and there are some scenes that still scare me now. It is no wonder because Arnold Vosloo's Imhotep was a masterstroke, very, very frightening at times, especially when the Mummy disguises himself on the ship, and takes off his cloak to claim his first victim. The other performances are fine, with a dashing Brendan Fraser and a stunningly beautiful Rschel Weisz. John Hannah, if you forgive his accent, was on the whole fine. Overall, a fun and likable horror adventure, flawed yes, but guaranteed to give you entertainment and perhaps nightmares. 7/10 Bethany Cox
Awesome roller coaster adventure!

Still great in 2022

Silly Fun

Good simple entertainment.

A Modern Classic!

Funny movie, without presumption.
The Mummy is a funny movie, without presumption. The cast is well-chosen, the script is ironic and The Mummy with Karloff (obvious comparison) is enough far: more dramatic and evocative. A different thing!
The sands will rise. The heavens will part. The power will be unleashed
The Mummy is the best mummy movie ever to be made. This movie will blow your mind by its action, romance, adventure and music score. I loved The Mummy because it's one of those roller coaster rides were you just jump on and never let go. The Mummy is a remake of the 1932 mummy which starred Boris Karloff who played imhotep. The Mummy is about an expedition of treasure seeking explorers in the Sahara desert in 1925. They stumble upon an ancient tomb, the hunters without knowing set loose a 3,000 year-old inheritance of terror, which is personified in the vengeful reincarnation of an Egyptian priest who had been sentenced to an infinity as one of the living dead. I love watching this movie in 1999 at the big screen. This movie made me love Egypt a lot. I guarantee this movie a classic. Do not compare this with the 1932 movie.  Thanks to director Stephen Sommers which he did a wonderful job on this fantastic film. If you want to see this movie do not watch the 1932 one watch the 1999 one because it will blow you away. Last things to wrap this up Spectacular special effects, Roller coaster adventure, Funny moments, Out of the world music score, Superb acting and wonderful cast. This movie is a 10/10 stars.
You Call Him Dr Jones, Maybe?

I can watch this on a loop and not get bored
Great special effects for its time. Great cast. Great story, photography, direction, production. Most likely had a great crew.
Raiders of the Lost Ark meets The Terminator

Bit Overlong, But Still The Word Is 'Fun'

One amazing Egyptian Adventure!

First rate romp

Change of Setting!

$150M on effects and $20 on plot??
Man, what a turkey.  Let me see... $150M on special effects and $20 on plot and acting.  I'm not going to waste a bunch of time commenting on this movie except to say that it was one of the worst pieces of junk I have ever watched.  The acting was terrible, the plot was horrible, the dialog was stupid... the special effects, however, were very good.
