8.0
Minimal Speaking. Visuals tell the story. Hardy is just as good as DiCaprio in this.
One of the Best Movies I'll never watch twice

Spellbinding contrasts of nature's beauty and brutality

Visual poetry - and a celebration of human resilience as well as an ode to the savage beauty of nature

Harrowing storytelling with a gorgeous cinematic backdrop, The Revenant is not for the faint of heart but will stick with those who make the journey.

In the Bleak Mid-Winter...

Absolutely brilliant, one of Iñárritu's and Di Caprio's best

Visually beautiful, story-wise not on par...

Almost un-bearable pain

great effects and an awesome start but degenerates into a meaningless mess of Hollywood clichés

Survival

Superb Cinematography But totally Unrealistic
As mentioned 10/10 for the scenic cinematography and direction. But storyline is totally Unrealistic. I mean u will see Leonardo DiCaprio surviving a giant bear attack, surviving a 150ft fall , surviving a swim in a freezing cold river, surviving a group of indians firing in a close range, surviving don't know how many knife stabs.. totally Tollywood/ bollywood style where Lead hero won't die no Matter how much ever ways of killing u try, but villians die just with a one shot !! Not happy with the over unrealistic storyline.
Great photography, not so great film

love this movie highly recommend.
Finally saw this movie (yes 4 years late) and I understand why Leonardo won the Oscar, along with the many academy awards the movie and director won. It is a cinematic masterpiece. The cinematography is amazing, the whole cast (Tom Hardy is great here) is great. The costumes and weapons used (early 1800s) look so damn good. The story is very simple and not complicated. It is about revenge and surviving in the cold and icy wilderness of 1823. The action scenes are brutal and gritty, like they should be for that time period. Officially in my top 10 movies of all time. If you've never seen this film, do yourself a favor and rent it or buy it. It definitely deserves to be in your collection. Some people might not like all the spiritual stuff or reading subtitles (lots of Native American language here) but it is needed since there a lot of interaction with Native American tribes here. FINAL REVIEW 10/10
Stunning

Eyecandy

Survival movie
One of the best survival movie I have ever seen. Leonardo DiCaprio amazing performance in this movie. In the movie Leonardo DiCaprio fight with bear feel realistic. I shocked when I heard that this movie was based on a true story. Alejandro González Iñárritu thank you for giving such a good movie. The last fight seen was awesome. The background scenery was beautiful.
Tom Hardy deserves more praise here

Absolute oscar bait
Yes the cinematography is stunning, that's very true. But it's also most of what the movie offers. It's a simple, age old story of revenge and 80% of it is just Leo crawling around on the ground, breathing intensly. It did not need to be 2.5 hours long
Stunning cinematographic feat. How on earth did they film that?

Great on style, not quite so great on content

A milestone in cinematography.
I love this movie . This film is a milestone in cinematography. Great Immersive camera-work. This film is an experience and i has already seen it 4 times and I only see more quality of the film.
Linear survival tale in which revenge becomes secondary

A classic case of style over substance

A Powerfully Bleak & Masterful Film

