Worth a watch.

Good Old Fashioned Horror

Strong start but poor final act.

Promising Start. Sturdy Middle-Act. Underwhelming Finale.

Stick to the road

Safest place in the world are actually the Swedish woods

Into the Forest

The Forest God

A breath of fresh air...

The Ritual (2017)

Great first hour, but the last 30 mins are so disappointing

One of the most tense and exhilarating films I've watched in a long while

Stunning, visceral, and intense.

Okay, but it could have been better
Based on a novel, it's pretty clear that someone along the way of the making of "The Ritual" got their inspiration from the 1977 Canadian movie "Rituals". Not only are the titles of the two movies similar, but both share the theme of several middle aged men hiking in the wilderness and experiencing terror. But the movie also got some inspiration from the movie "The Blair Witch Project", with the supernatural touches to the narrative. Actually, the last twenty minutes or so of the movie do take a more original turn, but I'll leave you to find out what happens if you do decide to see this movie. Derivative as the movie is at times, I will admit that it is never boring, and does get you interested in watching enough to stick to the end in order to see what happens. However, there are a number of unanswered questions along the way, ranging from why the central character keeps having visions of his friend's murder to how the killings in the forest had somehow eluded the local authorities for years. Had questions like these been eventually answered, we would have possible had a compelling, if still somewhat derivative, horror movie. As it is, it's only okay, watchable, but will make you wonder several times why someone during the production did not spot the glaring unanswered questions and have them fixed before filming started.
Above average low budget horror movie
Less is often more. In The Ritual, this is so true as the wilderness, the forest and creepy sounds are what create the tension. The effects are few, but effective. Four men go on a hike and end up somewhere in the deepest forests in Sweden, only to discover that something evil awaits them there. The first half of the movie is really good. The end not as good but decent. Unfortunately, the film is not shot in Sweden but in Romania, which I think is a shame because I myself am Swedish and immediately saw that nature does not look at all like in Sweden. But overall it is better than average low budget horror movies and worth watching.
Don't go into the woods

A technically competent and self-assured slow-burning horror that falls a little flat in its third act.
'The Ritual (2017)' is a technically competent and conceptually confident horror picture that manages to crank up the tension without relying on false or obnoxious jump-scares, instead using its ominous musical score and brilliantly foreboding sound design to create a slow-building sense that there's something sinister lurking amongst the trees. It's in the script where the piece really shines; it's an example of a group dynamic done right, and you honestly do get a sense that these four men are mates who have known each other for a long time. You also get a sense that they're all different people who react differently to their bizarre and frightening situation. When the film moves into its third act, it starts to lose its way a little. The closer it comes to its eponymous ritual, the less tense and unique it gets. Still, the finale does introduce a visually interesting and well-developed creature whose only real fault is the fact that it's shown slightly too much during its climactic debut. This is a shame, since prior to then it's handled with a deft restraint that allows the flick's infrequent yet visceral splashes of gore to truly have an impact. The thing also has bit of a rushed and wet ending. 6/10.
Superior handling, poor conclusion

Awesome horror movie, truly creepy

I Loved This...
If you enjoyed films like Trollhunter, Thale etc you should get a kick from this. Four British lads on a hiking trek through Sweden to pay tribute to a departed mate who has been murdered at the start of the film in an off licence robbery. The story has a slight Blair Witch feel to the discovery of the carved runes in the trees as the group soon get lost in a forest. With most of my reviews I do not want to spoil the movie so I try to keep my comments brief and spoiler free. This film plays heavily on how damned creepy forests can be..even in daylight..and combines this with the concept of ancient nature elemental's/demons or gods...The acting is very natural which makes the group of friends feel familiar..like your own mates. I recommend this..but insist you view films the way that I do for full affect..view alone, in the dark..on a 42" screen..sitting between stereo speakers or surround sound if you have it. That is the ONLY way to view any movie to be able to fully appreciate it. Make your viewing a ritual and you should enjoy 'The Ritual'.
Starts off well, plot points don't connect, winds up linear and pointless.

The woodlands are a sight to see and have a very alienating feel that tells you that you are never safe, no matter if its daylight or night.
The film is about a group of friends who go trekking in the Swedish forests to honour their dead friend's wish.
I got enticed due to the trailer n the director's name was sufficient for me. Have enjoyed David Bruckners films. (The Signal 2007, Siren, Southbound). Saw this on a rented dvd.
The film captured the eerie nature of the forest so well, it becomes the most important character in the film. The creepiness n sense of dread in the broad daylight n the surrealistic nightmare sequences in the nighttime added solid tensions. The dream sequences in the cabin was truly nightmarish. The suspense is maintained throughout. This film makes getting lost in the woods scary all over again.
The woodlands are a sight to see and have a very alienating feel that tells you that you are never safe, no matter if its daylight or night.
The Ritual: Meh, could have been a lot worse

Waste of time
This movie is very predictable. It has basic horror movie don't go in there or do that moments. You start to get to real action at the end thinking oh here's the good part and the monster thing is like they didn't try to make it scary like something a small child could do.
Makes you want to go camping in Sweden, or NOT.
It's not the first movie that we all saw before with people wandering in the woods where something is definitely wrong. So the story might be a bit cliché but the execution was good. Unlike The Blair Witch Project, that I thought was completely overrated, you also have people in the woods and the supposition of something evil watching them. In The Blair Witch Project you will never get an answer nor see the thing that freightened everybody and that was a major letdown, plus it was not filmed good at all. Supposition of evil in horror movies is good, in the right ambiance, but at one point you have to see the evil force in real to be satisfied. In The Ritual you get that and that's a bonus. The acting was good, all characters added something to the story. A story that is creepy enough for a horror/thriller. To me it could have used a bit more blood to make it scarier, but that's just me. The best way to watch this movie would be at night in the middle of the woods somewhere in Sweden.
