The "Fredo" of the Godfather Trilogy ...

The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone Review

Unjustily Criticized

Outstanding, But Sadly Forgotten and Somewhat Misunderstood by Many
Many believed that the series was complete in 1974. Even Francis Ford Coppola thought that another installment was unlikely. However in 1990, some 16 years later, "The Godfather, Part III" was released with results that few could have perceived. The film was not very successful at the box office and many who did see the movie said "ho-hum". The critics were also indifferent to an extent. A Christmas release would create enough steam for the film to achieve a best picture nomination and seven nominations in all from the Academy (it failed to win any though). Of course "Dances With Wolves" dominated the night and that film along with "GoodFellas" are considered the class acts of that year. Why has "The Godfather, Part III" failed to achieve a following like its two predecessors (parts I & II)? I am not sure I can answer that question. Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) is becoming an old man and his health is slowly worsening. He wants the family to become 100% legitimate and even makes a deal to link his finances to the Vatican. However Michael has become a bit naive and everyone double-crosses him. Now it appears that the only answer is to get back to the old ways. Younger sister Connie (Talia Shire) believes that Michael has grown soft and that Santino's (James Caan from the first film) illegitimate son should take control (Andy Garcia, in his Oscar-nominated performanece). He is ambitious and has the short fuse that his late father had and this is going to lead to fireworks for the family. He also starts seeing Michael's teenaged daughter (Sofia Coppola, Francis Ford's real-life daughter) and a romance blossoms. Meanwhile crime bosses Eli Wallach and Joe Mantegna pose threats to the Corleones. Kaye (Diane Keaton) has divorced herself from Michael and their son (Franc D'Ambrosio) has somewhat sided with her. Michael's health takes a turn for the worse as he actually goes into a diabetic coma for a time during the film and when he does recover (not completely though) he starts to reflect on a life of loss. The ordering of Fredo's death (John Cazale) in the second installment and his Sicilian wife's murder in the original haunt Michael and he tries to come to terms with his life, but learns from a Catholic cardinal while in Sicily that he deserves all the suffering he experiences and realizes that his suffering will be even greater in the future. In fact there will be a finale that will be the "fatal nail in the coffin" for Michael. "The Godfather, Part III" is focused on Michael and that is why it is unique to the series. The first two sported so many rich characters that it was impossible to focus on just one. This film could be best described as "Reflections of a Life of Loss". The film is excellent and even though it is likely the weakest of the three when you compare them, it is somewhat unfair to put the three "Godfather" movies together because they can all stand on their own. Great movies stand on their own and "The Godfather, Part III" does just that. 5 stars out of 5.
It really isn't that bad..

This movie is greatly misunderstood and it has become popular opinion to say it is bad.
The Godfather Part three is a great movie but many would contest. This final installment of the greatest trilogy ever made is misunderstood by most because they do not see what this film is really about. G3 is  not about hits and gangland killings, but rather, G3 is about the end of Michael Corleone's legacy of crime in America. This movie shows him stepping out of the gambling and the other rackets because they have hurt him so badly. This movie is a masterpiece because it shows the conclusion to an incredible story. There had to be an end to this trilogy and this thoughtful way to do it exemplified the trilogy as an unbeatable one. Just because it doesn't end with a violent scene like the murder of the heads of the 5 families does not make it a bad movie, but in this case, a beautiful one. Please, don't feel you have to agree with the common view by proxy, but think on your own about what this movie really means and how it concludes and consequences the first two.
Sophia Coppola - oh dear
Sophia Coppola delivers the most wooden, expressionless performance I have ever seen. She is absolutely devoid of talent. I am sure that the fact that her father is the director had nothing to do with it.
A Passionate Requiem
I finally saw it ! As a total devotee of the two previous installments, I avoided seeing the third one, on purpose, people I respect had told me about the disappointment and, quite honestly, I didn't go there. Last night I did and surprise, surprise, it moved me no end. Maybe because I haven't seen the other two in four years. Yes at times is more Ken Russell than Francis Ford Coppola and in my book that's not a bad thing. I was, however, a bit taken aback by the healing in Pacino's Michael as far as Keaton's Kay is concerned. As it nothing had ever happened, while in Diane Keaton the memory of that pain is always present. Talia Shire is a lot of fun as a sort of Madame Sin. Raf Vallone, superb as the doomed Pope John Paul I and then a bit puzzling casting choices that I think they me code for something. George Hamilton, for instance, takes over from where Rubert Duvall left off. Helmut Berger plays the head of the Vatican Bank. Helmut Berger! Just as curious as to find Troy Donahue in The Godfather Part II - All in all, I'm really glad I've seen it and I'm sure I'll see it again.
It simply doesn't work very well

Visually wonderful and of great importance!

Stands out On its Own, Weak in Comparison to its Predecessor,

¿Why there is not The Godfather CODA as an standalone tittle in this platform?

Al Paccino transforms from cold Michael Corleone to - well Al Pacino

Worst of the three. By far.

Not as bad as everyone says – but suffers from the pressure of the first two

Underrated
Godfather III is generally underrated because because it is more intellectual, subtle, and psychological than the first two.  There's lots more Italian language, operatic venues, references to subtleties like the P2 masonic lodge, and there is the inner revelation of Michael Corleone's soul. Pacino should have won an Oscar for his performance.  The movie would be a good staging point for a Godfather IV, with "Vincenzo Corleone" and Connie Corleone running things, while developing further the relationship between Michael, and his wife and son.
Bucking the conventional wisdom

The Godfather Coda: Don't waste you money

Another Offer You Can't Refuse!

Disppointing, but not as bad as it made out to be

Mother Of Mercy, Is This The End Of The Corleones?

Musical Murders...

The end of The Godfather trilogy was just as good as the beginning of it
I've heard a lot of debate about this movie and how it's worse than the other two. But why the hell should that mean that it's not good. This part is horribly underrated and should be given the same energy and attention as the first two movies. I don't suppose that the death of Corleone would be the best of the first two, which is building up and showcasing each of the characters. I'm not gonna lie, Sophia's character kinda ruined it for me. Her performance was exceptional. I'm not criticizing the actor but I can't say I liked the character much. But maybe that was the point of it all. Al Pacino is so good at portraying Michael Corleone and there was no actor in the world that could have done it better than him. The ending of this movie had me in tears, literally snot everywhere and clenching on to the pillow for dear life. The end of The Godfather trilogy had me crying for days, but there was no better way to end it than they did.
A dull and pointless sequel

This cliched film corrupts the meaning of the first two Godfather films

