Breathtaking in its scope and tragic grandeur...

A masterpiece that can never be beaten...
One of the all time greats. Or probably the alone greatest thing ever made in the history of cinematography. This movie is both "prequel" and "sequel" of the first godfather movie. I have never watched anything like this in my entire life. This movie has explained the life of underworld people in a great way. It also shows how vengeance eradicates happiness from your life. People don't even care about their family in greed of power. It's a masterpiece that can never be written off even after centuries. Even if you are not into these kind of movies, I will suggest to watch it for atleast once in your life or you'll be deprived of one of the greatest things to watch that have been ever made.
The Greatest Film Ever Made

To call it a sequel is a travesty

One of the greatest films ever made.

The Greatest Sequel During the Cinema's History
"The Godfather, Part II" is excellent just like its predecessor. While the first is arguably the greatest film ever made, the second installment is easily the best sequel produced hands down. The film is split between the stories of Michael Corleone (Al Pacino, Oscar-nominated) and a young Vito Corleone (Robert De Niro, in his star-making, first Oscar-winning performance). In the 1950s, Michael is trying to expand his crime empire to locales such as Las Vegas, Hollywood, and even turbulent Cuba. However, there are numerous problems as older brother Fredo (John Cazale) may have double-crossed the family. Also two prominent crime bosses pose a considerable threat as well (Lee Strasberg and Michael V. Gazzo, both Oscar-nominated). Younger sister Connie (Oscar nominee Talia Shire) is still reeling from her husband's murder and her father's death at the conclusion of the original film. Michael is also distancing himself from his wife (Diane Keaton) and some of his most trusted friends (Robert Duvall). While all this is occurring we get glimpses into the early life of Michael's father (De Niro). We learn that his parents and older brother have been killed in early-1900s Sicily and that he has immigrated to New York. Vito pays his dues and learns the tricks of the trade, buying his time, before deciding to create his own small empire which would of course grow and become what we saw in the original. It would seem that the film would be confusing by jumping back and forth between Michael and his father, but that is not so. Coppola gives you just enough information to keep the audience intrigued through each segment. The film is very well-made and runs very smoothly even though it lasts over 200 minutes. Many think that this installment is the best of the series. Even though I still think that the original is the best, I cannot totally disagree with this assertion as this is the definitive sequel. 5 stars out of 5.
"Michael, I Never Wanted This For You."

Great ensemble acting, great story, greatest sequel ever made.
The Godfather Part 2 is the finest sequel ever made and is arguably a finer film than the original Godfather. The film is divided into two main parts - the story of a young Vito Corleone (flawlessly acted by Robert De Niro and a worthy Oscar winner) and the rise to power of Michael as the head of the family. Francis Coppola recollaborated with many of the crew members of the first film and again achieves a quite superb period piece thanks to the cinematography of Gordon Willis and set design of Dean Tavoularis. The acting performances are outstanding, hence three supporting oscar nominations for acting guru Lee Strasberg (Hyman Roth), Michael Gazzo (Frank Pentangeli) and Robert De Niro (young Vito Corleone). Duvall, Keaton, Cazale and Shire all provided first rate performances but it is the performance of Al Pacino which steals the show, expertly portraying Michael as a cool, calculating, suspicious Don Corleone. The film expands upon the original movie and brings us into the family's activities in Nevada, Florida and Havana. Arguably the finest movie of the 70s, a cinematic masterpiece with the greatest ensemble acting you will probably see.
Terrific continuation of the "Godfather" series; to call it a "sequel" almost seems insulting...

The best movie ever made?
Honestly I didn't like The Godfather very much in my first watching. I thought what was it doing it on 2nd highest rated movie on IMDb. Then after some days it started to grow on me. I couldn't help but watch The Godfather again. But i chose to watch The Godfather part 2 instead and boy I loved it.
Perfect acting by everyone specially by the trio Robert De Niro, Al Pacino and John Cazale. These people gave the performance of their life. This is De Niro best performance after Raging bull and taxi driver and Al pacino's best after Scarface.
The way this movie plays with your emotion is indescribable. The best part is when Michael hugs Fredo during their mother's funeral and they seem to have forgotten what had happened but the look Michael gives to Al Neri we know that Michael is going to kill Fredo. This part shows us the true haunting nature of Michael. And the part when Anthony is called by Connie and Fredo says to him that he will catch a fish for Anthony and Al Neri smiles at the back making it feel normal but we knowing what is behind the smile is haunting.
Everything about this movie is perfect! For me this, The Godfather and Raging Bull are the best movies ever made
"The Godfather Part II is the greatest sequel ever made, one of the greatest films of all time and possibly finer than its superb predecessor *****"

Poor Fredo! We still miss John Cazale!
The Godfather Part II has excellent writing, plotting, editing is even brilliant, acting, and overall quality to watch over again and again. You can never get sick of watching this film. I miss John Cazale. He was truly a gifted actor and I miss him. He played my favorite Corleone brother. Sure Alfredo was never brilliant or vicious but he was sweet, gentle, and warm most of the time. He had a conscience and I despise Michael for killing his own brother. I think he killed him out of jealousy. Alfredo spent more time with Michael's son, Anthony, than he did and he resented him for it. Alfredo could have been spared. Four years after Godfather Part II, John Cazale died of cancer after filming the Deer Hunter. He never won an Oscar or made too many films but he made every role memorable. Rest in Peace, John. I miss you.
Sorry, but it just didn't deliver

I feel totally disconnected...

Best gangster dramas of all time arguably
"The Godfather: Part II" is a very suspenseful drama with a very exciting story, with great acting and great special effects. I would definitely recommend you watch this movie...but first watch the original classic from 1972 "The Godfather" . The movie may not be as good as the first movie but is still an amazing sequel.
Masterpiece - best film ever

One of the greatest sequels ever made

One of the greatest movies ever made.

An Insult To Call It A Sequel

"They're saps, because they risk their lives for strangers."

For anyone who thinks the Godfather is overrated

Better Than The Original? Maybe. Unbelievable Ride? HELL YEAH!!

A Masterpiece
The Godfather Part Two is possibly the best film ever made, every part of this film is amazing, it is even better than the original, I was very surprised by this. The story is amazing, everything makes perfect sense. The Oscar winning screenplay is amazing, the dialogue is some of the most original, and realistic ever putt on screen, the characters are flawless, and it's in every way perfectly written. The acting is just as fantastic, I can't believe Al Pacino lost the Oscar, and for once Robert De Niro was even better, he was truly amazing, and interestingly he fails to say a single word in English. The direction is also amazing, Francis Ford Coppola even does a better job than he did in The Godfather, and Apocalypse Now. The visual effects are so much better than the amazing one's in the original Godfather. One of the best films ever, a must see. Flawless.
It's-a not so good.

Over ambitious over long and over rated.

