An offer so good, I couldn't refuse

For Me, This Is The Definitive Film

One of the best of all time.

The Pinnacle Of Flawless Films!
'The Godfather' is the pinnacle of flawless films! The first time I viewed 'The Godfather' I was in my early teens and it was the most astounding film I had ever seen, and has since then stood as my all-time favourite film. It is due to this that I have been looking forward to writing a review of this unforgettable classic. So let's start from the beginning. The film opens to four words, 'I believe in America', it's crazy to think that this simple line has become a resonant quote solely due to the impact it made on the entrance to the film's "threshold". This is just one of the many renowned quotes that litter the film, and believe me, there are a lot. After the first take we are then absorbed into the life of Vito Corleone, brilliantly portrayed by the Oscar- winning performance of Marlon Brando. Vito is a feared man, he is a criminal, he is a mafioso, but above all he is a respected family man, his three sons are depicted by three excellent actors, James Caan, John Cazale and Al Pacino as well as his adopted child Tom Hagen, played by Robert Duvall. The film follows Vito as he attempts to transfer his crime empire to his reluctant son, Michael. With some of the most graphic and gruesome death scenes to have ever been seen in the 1970's film industry (including a certain horse's head), 'The Godfather' epitomises how violence can be used effectively within a film. The Corleone's are some of the greatest antiheroes to have ever been seen on screen, whilst they are villains, the audience will refuse to accept that fact, Coppola does something simple and audacious, he takes the guilt out of organised crime. A film rife with beautiful cinematography, memorable musical scores and well-paced action and drama. Overall, The Godfather is one of Hollywood's greatest critical and commercial successes that gets everything right; a gangster flick that is overflowing with life, rich with emotion and subtle acting, and further blessed with amazing direction from Francis Ford Coppola. Arguably the most unforgettable masterpiece to have ever been made.
Amazing movie

Another kind of "family movie"

"The Godfather" is pretty much flawless, and one of the greatest films ever made

An Iconic Film

Initially, I wasn't a fan... but then I realised

I'm finding it hard to describe how amazing this movie was

Everything you've ever heard is true...

#2 on IMDb's Top 100, a multi-Oscar-winner and over 1500 reviews...what more can I say about the movie?!

Why didn't I enjoy this as much I should've
I'm 21 years old and this is the first time I've watched the godfather. I feel like I've missed something, like I definitely enjoyed the film but it was dragged out way longer then it should've. There was definitely a few pointless scenes. I can understand this was way ahead of its time but I'm obviously watching this 50 years late. Which is the reason I believe I didn't enjoy it as much as the rest of you. If you read the rest of my reviews of old film I actually really enjoyed them so don't blame it on my youth. I'll definitely watch the second one aswell at some point and I'm sure I'll really like that one but I've seen films I've given an 8 that are way better. Marlon won the Oscar for best leading role but I think he should've won best supporting role and Al pacino should've been put up for the Oscar. Marlon wasn't in the film nearly as much as I thought he'd be. All in all it definitely wasn't a bad film, in fact a good film but that's all just a good film.
I don't get the hype.

The greatest movie of all time!
One of the best films of all time, an absolute masterpiece. The Godfather is arguably the best gangster drama as well as setting the standard for cinema.
An Epic, Masterful Look into the Underground World

This Movie Has Haunted My Life...
I love this movie and all of the GF movies. I see something new every time I have seen it (countless, truly). The story of tragedy and (little) comedy that exists in this film is easily understood by people all over the world. This film has been called an American story however I have met others who have seen this movie in other languages and they seem to have the same love and appreciation for it that I do. I love the characters and all of the different personalities that they represent not just in families but in society itself. It seems like the entire cast is part of every other movie that I love as well. The sounds, music, color and light in the film are just as much a part of the film as the people. This could be attributed to the method in which it was filmed. At many parts of the film I can still find myself feeling the emotions conveyed in the film. I never tire of appreciating this film. I thank God that FFC is an American treasure. We are fortunate to have him.
A Masterpiece

Magnificent portrait of organized crime

The film of films
A flawless movie. This movie translates from the book perfectly!This movie made me want to be a director and create film. Everyone's acting was perfect.
To think that Puza wrote this specifically to make a hit is at first crazy.
The Geatest Movie Ever Made

perfect
This movie is strong, good script, great casting, excellent acting, and over the top directing.  It is hard to fine a movie done this well, it is 29 years old and has aged well.  Even if the viewer does not like mafia type of movies, he or she will watch the entire film, the audiences is glued to what will happen next as the film progresses.  Its about, family, loyalty, greed, relationships, and real life.  This is a great mix, and the artistic style make the film memorable.
Not sure

I can honestly say that it's overrated

Top 5
One of the great movies of its time. Before, and even now is admire as one of the most classic and greatest films of all time. And I agree. I remember when I first watched it I never thought that Sonny would be the one killed, and Michael being the one taking over the family, and ruling with an iron fist. I have to watch at least one or two times a year.
