Animal-themed nail artist and cocktail waitress Frida works an exclusive event with her friend Jess. She encounters billionaire tech mogul Slater King, who recently stepped down as CEO amid a public apology for unspecified past behavior. He invites them both to his private island.

There, Slater's assistant Stacy confiscates their phones. In attendance are Slater's friends and business partners, photographer Vic, private chef Cody, DJ Tom, and graduate Lucas, as well as three female guests: reality show star Sarah, aspiring app developer Camilla, and lawyer/stoner Heather. The women are treated with lavish rooms, gift bags of perfume, and a holiday experience, enhanced by high-end meals and cocktails prepared by Cody, and potent hallucinogenic drugs.

Frida clashes with Sarah over Slater's attention while Jess notices memory lapses. All of the local workers sport the same snake tattoo, and Frida has strange encounters with a maid, who seems to recognize her and calls her "Red Rabbit".

Slater's therapist Rich visits and receives a red gift bag. During a night of partying and drugs, Jess is bitten by a snake and later tells Frida she wants to leave. At breakfast, Frida notices that Lucas smells like the women's perfume. While the men are away fishing, Frida discovers a room with dozens of identical red gift bags.

Frida is tricked into drinking snake venom by the maid and begins remembering strange events. She realizes that Jess is missing, although none of the other women remember her at all. Alarmed, Frida investigates and learns of a flower indigenous to the island capable of wiping memories that has been incorporated into their food and perfume. She convinces Sarah of what is happening and gets her to drink the venom, an antidote to the flower's effects.

The men return as Frida and Sarah grow more paranoid. The pair trick the other women, including Stacy, into drinking shots of the venom to restore their memories. Frida sneaks into Slater's office to retrieve their phones, only to find they are out of power and service.

Frida's full memories return, revealing the men have been sexually assaulting them every night and wiping their memories using the flower. When Jess's memories could not be erased due to the venom, they killed her. Frida also finds polaroids featuring different women and men with red gift bags, revealing that Slater is inviting guests to rape people regularly and gifting them perfume to use when they are away from the island.

Frida and Sarah attempt to buy time for themselves as Camilla and Heather's memories return, leading Camilla to stab Tom to death while Heather badly injures Vic before being shot dead by Stan, Slater's security guard and former Marine. Slater kills Camilla and the men hide in Slater's villa where he mocks Lucas for choosing to be inactively complicit in the abuse by doing nothing to help the women.

Stacy attacks Frida, preferring to be ignorant of the men's behavior, so Frida stabs her to death. Stan chases Frida but is bludgeoned to death by Sarah, who takes his gun; Cody escapes to the woods but is presumably killed by Sarah. In the villa, Lucas tries to escape but is mistakenly shot in a trap set for Slater by Frida and Sarah; afterward, Slater traps Frida in the villa.

It is revealed that Frida had been on the island the year before and experienced the same events, biting off Vic's pinky finger and scarring her head on a rock before her memories were wiped. The maid recognized Frida from her red rabbit fingernails.

Slater laughs off his recent apology, declaring "there is no forgiving, only forgetting", before leaving for Sarah. While he is gone, Frida laces his vape with the memory-erasing perfume. The effects make him forget the previous events and panic upon seeing the bodies. Slater slips, knocks himself unconscious as the villa catches fire. The two women escape, leaving Vic to die, but Frida saves Slater.

Some time later, Rich, who also assaulted Frida on the island, encounters a noticeably disoriented Slater. Frida is now married to Slater and is CEO, all while drugging his vape with the flower to keep him compliant.