Fur trapper Hugh Glass watches as American soldiers burn down a Native American village in the Great Plains.

Years later, in late 1823, during the Arikara War, Glass guides Captain Andrew Henry's trappers through the territory of the present-day Dakotas. While he and his half-Pawnee son, Hawk, are hunting, the company's camp is attacked by an Arikara war party which is seeking to recover its chief's abducted daughter, Powaqa. Many of the trappers are killed during the fight, and the rest of them escape onto a boat. Guided by Glass, the survivors begin a trek to Fort Kiowa on foot because Glass believes traveling down the Missouri River will make them vulnerable. After docking, the crew stash their pelts near the shore.

While he is scouting game, Glass is mauled and left near death by a female grizzly bear that is guarding her cubs. The trapper John Fitzgerald, fearing another Arikara attack, argues that the group must mercy-kill Glass and keep moving. Henry agrees, but he is unable to pull the trigger. Instead, he offers to pay anyone who will stay with Glass and bury him after he dies. When the only volunteers are Hawk and the young Jim Bridger, Fitzgerald, wanting the money to recoup his losses from the abandoned pelts, also agrees to stay.

After the others leave, Fitzgerald attempts to smother Glass but is stopped when Glass's son Hawk intervenes. Hawk holds Fitzgerald at gunpoint and shouts for Bridger—who is away gathering water—but Fitzgerald stabs Hawk to death as Glass watches helplessly. The next morning, Fitzgerald convinces Bridger, who is unaware of Hawk's murder, that the Arikara are approaching and they must abandon Glass. At first Bridger protests, but he ultimately follows Fitzgerald after the latter leaves Glass half-buried alive in a makeshift grave. Bridger leaves a canteen, on which he had engraved a spiral symbol, with Glass. After they depart, Bridger forces Fitzgerald to admit that he lied about the approaching Arikara. When they meet Henry at the fort, Fitzgerald tells Henry that Glass died and Hawk vanished. Bridger is complicit in the lie about Glass's death, but remains unaware of Hawk's murder. Henry tells Fitzgerald that the fort is almost out of money, and that they are waiting for reinforcements led by Henry Leavenworth before anyone can be paid.

Regaining some strength, Glass starts an arduous journey through the wilderness. (The meaning of the word "revenant" is a person who has returned, especially supposedly from the dead.) Glass performs a crude cauterization of his wounds and eludes the pursuing Arikara by jumping into river rapids. He encounters Pawnee refugee Hikuc, who lost his family to the Sioux, and tells Glass that "revenge is in the Creator's hands." The men share bison meat and travel together. As a storm approaches, Hikuc constructs a makeshift sweat lodge for the feverish Glass to shelter in. After a hallucinogenic experience in the lodge, Glass emerges to discover that his wounds are healing, but French Canadian hunters have lynched Hikuc. He infiltrates their camp and sees the leader Toussaint (who previously sold horses to the Arikara) raping Powaqa. Glass frees her; she castrates Toussaint and flees while he kills several hunters and recovers Hikuc's horse. The following day, Glass is ambushed by the Arikara and driven over a cliff on his horse. A tree breaks his fall and he survives the night by eviscerating the dead horse and sheltering inside its carcass.

A frightened French survivor staggers into Fort Kiowa, and Bridger recognizes the man's spiral-engraved canteen. Now believing that Hawk is alive, Henry organizes a search party. Fitzgerald however, knowing that it is actually Glass who is alive, empties the outpost's safe and flees, intending to reach Texas. The search party finds the exhausted Glass near the Yellowstone River. Furious, Henry orders the arrest of Bridger, but Glass vouches for him, saying Bridger was deceived and threatened by the higher-ranking Fitzgerald—who murdered his son. Glass and Henry set out in pursuit of Fitzgerald. Along the way, Glass reveals he once killed a soldier who tried to murder Hawk.

After the two men split up, Fitzgerald ambushes, kills, and scalps Henry. Glass finds Henry's corpse, places it on his horse in an attempt to act as a decoy, and shoots Fitzgerald in the shoulder. He pursues Fitzgerald to a riverbank, where they engage in a brutal fight. Glass is about to kill Fitzgerald, but he spots a band of Arikara downstream. He remembers Hikuc's words and pushes Fitzgerald downstream into the hands of the Arikara. Their chief, Elk Dog, kills and scalps Fitzgerald, and the Arikara (who have found Powaqa) spare Glass. Glass retreats into the mountains, where he is visited by his wife's spirit.