In 1901, in Corleone, Sicily, Mafia chieftain Don Ciccio kills the family of nine-year-old Vito Andolini after his father refuses to pay tribute. Vito escapes to New York City and is registered on arrival as "Vito Corleone". In 1917, Vito lives in Little Italy with his wife, Carmela, and their infant son, Sonny. Black Hand extortionist Don Fanucci preys on the neighborhood, costing Vito his grocery store job. His neighbor Peter Clemenza asks Vito to hide a bag of guns. As thanks, Clemenza enlists Vito's help in stealing a rug, which he gives to Carmela.

The Corleones have two more children: Fredo and Michael. Vito, Clemenza, and new partner Salvatore Tessio earn money by stealing dresses and selling them door-to-door. Fanucci threatens to report them to the police if they do not pay him off. Vito tells his partners he can convince Fanucci to take less than the $600 he has demanded. They are skeptical but go along with the plan. Vito meets Fanucci in a restaurant during the festival of San Rocco and pays him $100, which he grudgingly accepts. Vito tracks him back to his apartment and shoots him in the din of the festival. In the ensuing years, Vito gains a reputation as a defender of the neighborhood's downtrodden.

In 1922, Vito and his family travel to Sicily to establish an olive oil importing business. He and his business partner, Don Tommasino, visit Don Ciccio, ostensibly to ask for Ciccio's blessing for their business. Vito reveals his identity to the elderly and feeble Ciccio then slices his stomach, avenging the Andolini family. Ciccio's guards shoot at Vito and Tommasino as they flee, injuring Tommasino, but he and Vito escape.

In 1958, during his son's First Communion party at Lake Tahoe, Michael has a series of meetings in his role as the don of the Corleone crime family. Johnny Ola, representing Jewish Mob boss Hyman Roth, promises Michael support in taking over a casino. Corleone capo Frank Pentangeli asks for help defending his Bronx territory against the Rosato brothers, affiliates of Roth. Michael refuses, frustrating Pentangeli. Senator Pat Geary, an anti-Italian xenophobe, demands a bribe to secure the casino license. Michael refuses and counters that Geary should pay the license fee. That night, an assassination attempt at his home prompts Michael to depart suddenly after confiding in consigliere Tom Hagen that he suspects a traitor within the family.

Michael separately tells Pentangeli and Roth that he suspects the other of planning the hit, and arranges a peace meeting between Pentangeli and the Rosatos. At the meeting the brothers attempt to strangle Pentangeli, telling him "Michael Corleone says hello!" A police officer coincidentally walks in forcing the brothers to flee. Hagen blackmails Geary into cooperating with the Corleones by having him framed for the death of a prostitute.

A sickly Roth, Michael, and several of their partners travel to Havana to discuss their Cuban business prospects under the government of Fulgencio Batista. Roth is exuberant, but Michael has doubts about the government's response to the Cuban Revolution. At a later meeting, Roth becomes angry when Michael asks who ordered the Rosatos to kill Pentangeli. On New Year's Eve Fredo pretends not to know Ola, but eventually slips, revealing himself to Michael as the traitor. Michael orders hits on Ola and Roth; his enforcer strangles Ola but is killed by Cuban soldiers as he tries to smother Roth. Batista resigns and flees Cuba due to rebel advances. During the ensuing chaos, Michael, Fredo, and Roth separately escape Cuba. Back home, Michael is told that his wife Kay has miscarried.

In Washington, D.C., a Senate committee on organized crime is investigating the Corleone family, but Geary defends them. Pentangeli agrees to testify against Michael and is placed under witness protection. On returning to Nevada, Fredo tells Michael that Ola offered him a position of responsibility and that he did not realize Roth was planning a hit. Michael disowns Fredo but orders that he should not be harmed while their mother is alive. Michael sends for Pentangeli's brother from Sicily, and Pentangeli, after seeing his brother in the hearing room, retracts his statement implicating Michael in organized crime; the hearing dissolves in an uproar. Kay reveals to Michael that she had an abortion, not a miscarriage, and that she intends to leave him and take their children. Outraged, Michael strikes Kay, banishes her from the family, and takes sole custody of the children.

Carmela dies some time later, and Michael hurries to wrap up loose ends. At the funeral, he embraces Fredo while giving a stern glance to family enforcer Al Neri. Kay visits her children; as she is saying goodbye, Michael arrives and closes the door on her. Roth returns to the United States after being refused asylum and entry to Israel. Corleone caporegime Rocco Lampone assassinates him at the airport and is shot while fleeing. Hagen visits Pentangeli at the army barracks where he is being held and the two discuss how failed conspirators against a Roman emperor could save their families by committing suicide. Pentangeli is later found dead in his bathtub, having slit his wrists. Neri takes Fredo fishing and shoots him as Michael watches from the compound.

Michael reminisces about Vito's 50th birthday party on December 7, 1941, the same day Japan bombed Pearl Harbor. While the family waits to surprise Vito, Michael announces that he dropped out of college and joined the Marines, angering Sonny and surprising Hagen. Fredo is the only member of the family who supports his decision. Vito arrives and everyone but Michael goes to welcome him.

In the present day, Michael sits alone at the family compound looking out over the lake.