"That's got to be the best pirate I've ever seen."
If you're ever in the mood for just a flat out entertaining flick, you can't go wrong with 'Curse of the Black Pearl". I wasn't writing these reviews when this movie first came out, didn't even know there was such a thing as IMDb. So I'm finally getting back to it this many years later and even though I'd forgotten a lot about the story, I was blown away all over again by the outrageous antics of Captain Jack Sparrow and those transition scenes where the skeleton pirates manifest in the moonlight. In fact, the story itself might be incidental to the special effects and physical stunts that highlight the action in the film. Johnny Depp of course makes the movie with his swish-buckling (yeah, I misspelled it on purpose) approach to the character, and you couldn't ask for a more fetching lady in distress than Keira Knightley, although she managed to hold her own against most of those menacing pirates quite nicely. Orlando Bloom and Geoffrey Rush round out the rest of the principal cast, and each did a superb job. I've never gotten beyond this movie's sequel, 'Dead Man's Chest', but watching this one again inspires me to go forward and check out all the rest.
"You better start believing in ghost stories. You're in one."

Terrific!

Depp for Emperor?

Amazing
Yep, 20 years late with a review. But give me a break, i was a kid back then.
Anyways this movie is amazing. It is original, full of twists and turns, fun, funny... It deserves 9 stars. However considering the fact i had to lower criteria for 'modern' movies made in the past decade, i have to give this a maxumum rating because compared to them it should get 15/10 stars.
Johnny Depp is fantastic!
Awesome action and swashbuckling adventure, great music from the likes of Hans Zimmer, good visuals and Johnny Depp's hilarious improvisational performance as Captain Jack Sparrow (the other performances are good as well but Depp's the highlight and you damn well know it) make the first Pirates of the Caribbean adventure a fun action flick that's not only a great first non-Touchstone/Hollywood Pictures/pre-2006 Miramax & Dimension PG-13 Disney movie but also a much better movie than a movie based off of a THEME PARK RIDE has the right to be.
Surprisingly Good

This movie never gets old.
I just forgot how many times I watched this film.This film has comedy,adventure,action.The climax was awesome.A must watch movie.
A true adventure
This film is the epitome of a solid action-filled adventure. It has a straightforward and fast-paced plot that drags you in, propelled by a charming lead, witty jokes and compelling special effects. It roars along with gusto and thrills the audience from beginning to end.
Captain Jack Sparrow arrives

45 minutes shorter and this could be a 10

Bloody Brilliant!
Pirates of the Caribbean is a well-written, well-made, and well-acted film. Do not expect a simple action film; it is humourous and creepy, fascinating and thrilling.  Like most films, there are a couple of holes here and there in the fabric of the story; but this film wasn't made for the Oscars, it's meant to entertain and it succeeds in full at that.  It's a jolly good time with some good actors (and great Academy Award Winner Geoffrey Rush) and high adventure on the high seas.  Not to be missed!
memorable Johnny Depp

Fun movie, but doesn't deserve such high praise

Why is the rum gone?

Phenomenal!
If there was a minor quibble with the movie, it is that it is a little overlong. Putting that aside, this is a truly wonderful film, that is definitely one of the highlights of 2003. The whole film is a wonder to look at, with splendid costumes and very realistic sets. The script is just a gem, with classic and original lines like "Stop blowing holes in my ship," that sometimes have you in gales of laughter. I did find the pirates as skeletons quite frightening though. Films that have scared me are The Mummy and Pitch Black. The performances were first-rate, especially Johnny Depp in possibly his best performance. His character Jack Sparrow is a somewhat charming, likable rogue, and Depp pulled him off to perfection. As Barbossa, Geoffrey Rush positively sinks his teeth into his role, sometimes sinister and sometimes fun. Kiera Knightly proves once again that she looks lovely in period dramas, because it really does suit her. Orlando Bloom is dashing as Will Turner. Before I round off, I want to mention another aspect of the film, the music by Hans Zimmer(Lion King)... it was outstanding! Zimmer should be up there with the great film composers, like James Horner(American Tail, Titanic), John Williams(ET, Home Alone) and the late Jerry Goldsmith.(Legend, The Shadow) All in all, a highly entertaining film! 10/10 Bethany Cox.
One of the Most Delightful Pirates Adventure Ever

A VERY GOOD FILM!!!!!

The Good & Bad Of 'Pirates Of The Caribbean: Curse Of The Black Pearl'

Finally, a real swashbuckling film to make me laugh

Depp makes this worth watching...

This is a true classic

Romantic comedy meets campy horror film.

Another Jerry Bruckheimer Piece of Trash

Proof that Disney can still create good movies
Disney seemed to be going down the tubes lately, with Atlantis and Home on the Range, but this movie is a masterpiece. If it wasn't for this movie, Johnny Depp wouldn't be as famous as he is today. Every scene with him or Geoffery Rush is brilliant. The movie is very crisp and the shots of the islands are breathtaking. Definitely a movie worth picking up at Blockbuster or even better, buying ( I don't buy DVDs often but this was one of them). The characters are thought out very well and plot is excellent. The script is one of the main stars of the film itself, every line that seems to come out of Sparrow or Barbossa's mouth or any of the other cast is original. If you like action films you'll love this, if you like comedy you'll love this, actually, this movie is great for everyone (except small kids, who may get frightened by the skeleton scenes). 10/10
