Great fun, perfect visuals

Viva Pirates!

Shamelessly entertaining
Some blockbuster movies pretend to be more than they actually are. They sometimes even try to be philosophical. 'Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest', thank goodness, does no such thing. From start to finish, it practically flaunts the fact that it is pure and utter entertainment, comic yet breathtaking. The slapstick comedy involving the various sequences on the cannibal island and the water mill are amusing, the scenes at sea with the Flying Dutchman and the Kraken draw gasps, and, as ever, the antics of Johnny Depp as Captain Jack Sparrow brings endless pleasure. Keira Knightley as Elizabeth Swann does her share too, but Orlando Bloom as William Turner is still somewhat...wooden, perhaps because of the insipid character that he plays. His (almost idiotic) chivalry and goodness simply does not click with the mischievous magnetism that Jack Sparrow and Elizabeth Swann delivers. He still does amuse from time to time, however. The supporting cast is truly stellar; Bill Nighy as Captain Davy Jones, Stellan Skarsgard as Bill 'Boostrap' Turner and Naomie Harris as Tia Dalma are simply brilliant. Bill Nighy delivers his lines with aplomb, smacking his lips as if he relishes each syllable. Stellan Skarsgard is completely believable as the wretched Bootstrap Bill, a man who has fallen to the depths as far as he can go, and yet can still find the strength to endure it all in the love he has for his son, William. Naomie Harris is just as charismatic as the former two, but her charisma is not menacing or stoic but mysterious and even alluring. When she grins her black-toothed grin, one cannot help but grin along with her. In the end, 'Dead Man's Chest' is a roller-coaster-ride of a movie that thoroughly exploits every minute of its two-and-a-half-hour running time, ending with a final cliffhanger that leaves people feeling excited yet frustrated. (Remember when you watched 'Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring' and realized that you would have to wait another year for 'The Two Towers'? Like that.) NB. If you have the patience, stay till the end of credits. It's mildly amusing.
I enjoyed this movie
I don't know why so many people say that this oneis not good enough like the first movie. This has some better made actions than the first and very good job by thedirector who makes many great scenes whichmake more ..... the movie.
'Pirates' is visually stunning, but drifts due to convoluted plot

Best Of The 'Pirates' Trilogy, And Demo-Quality For Blu-Ray

I loved it but this review might seem a little harsh

Overlong, but this is a lively and hugely enjoyable sequel!
This film is a little too long, and doesn't quite have the charm of the predecessor. But it is solid entertainment, with a good plot, and consistently good acting, as well as the whole production looking stunning. Johnny Depp is as lovable as always as Jack, and Kiera Knightly is as lovely as ever. Orlando Bloom, while less charismatic than he was in the first movie, is still charming. Jonathan Pryce and Jack Davenport also delight, as does Stellan Skargaard as Bootstrap Bill. But an unrecognisable Bill Nighy almost steals the show as the rather creepy Davy Jones. The special effects and the stunts were very impressive especially with the very scary krakon, so was the outstanding music score and although the script lacks the sparkle of the predecessor, this is a resoundingly entertaining film nonetheless. Oh, and be prepared for a surprise at the end. 8/10 Bethany Cox.
A must see for all adventure freaks!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Captivating

Can't help but feel disappointed
I loved the first POTC and am a big fan of Johnny Depp's movies, and indeed the man himself is pretty much flawless again in this sequel. My gripe really centres around the unnecessarily complicated plot and the overall length of the film. Unlike the film adaptations of Harry Potter and the Lord of the Rings trilogy there is nothing in the screenplay to really justify the bum-numbing 150 minutes spent watching this film, particularly as the plot takes so long to get going. The major set pieces involving the island cannibals and the key to Davy Jones' locker are good but seriously in need of editing, and although the CGI effects are impressive, there really is only so many times you can marvel at the 'beastie' before its time to stifle the yawns. Anyone who saw King Kong and experienced midway restlessness will probably recognise similar symptoms here too. That said, the performances by the lead actors are excellent and although the script doesn't seem to provide the same number of laughs found in the first film, this is generally not a poor sequel. Expectation gained from the first film is likely to be an issue when assessing the merits of the sequel and most fans of JD will not be too disappointed, I just hope this 'trilogy' does a 'Back to the Future' and ends with a pacey flourish, rather than a further need for pressure-relieving cushions.
A wonderful film

Avast,Damn those Bloody Pirates,it's too hard to resist them Mate,they are so bloody fun!

NOT even close to a complete movie

Captain Jack's back! Davy Jones is determined to take "Captain" Jack Sparrow's soul back to its final resting place in the depths of Davy Jones' locker.
There are a lot of pros and cons in this new film. This movie is awesome, but be prepared for a lot of action and not too much in the end result. It is hard to follow at points, and is definitely set up as a sequel as part of a trilogy. Liked the movie overall, enjoyed the action, the love, the humor, and of course Captain Jack Sparrow. The ending has a little surprise too, which i really enjoyed. I think the first one was better, but this film was definitely worth seeing and I wouldn't mind seeing it again. If you appreciate the overall story of "The Pirates of the Caribbean," then you will also appreciate this film. It definitely does its job as part of a trilogy, and opens the door for a grand finale in the third movie. The acting was also supreme, and the amount of interesting and exciting action scenes added a lot of quality effect. Davy Jones' crew adds to the story much like Captain Barbosa's crew of the damned added to the first film. Once again, it did leave the door pretty wide open for the third movie in the series. I definitely would of liked to find out at least a little more background information and description about why certain events took place, but I guess thats why we have to see the third one. Still worth the watch. Good flick overall, and very entertaining.
More than equals its predecessor.

Poor sequel
Very average film at best, the 1st film is brilliant this is not. Only saving grace is the acting of depp, story is poor
Dead Man's Chest is great entertainment

Great Summer fun, but one word: editor

Loved the FIRST one and the SECOND is just as GREAT!
A great continuation from the first movie! You definitely need to see the first movie before this one, otherwise you'll miss some crucial elements about the various characters and plot. Don't miss the bonus scene at the end of the very long list of credits. Casting was brilliant and not a flaw anywhere. Left me excited about the third movie. Johnny Depp is fantastic! Depp deserves to be nominated for this role! The special affects and action scenes were exciting and showed tremendous thought and skill into the making of this movie. The movie was suspenseful, dark, funny and contained beautiful cinematography. The costumes and makeup were amazing.
This What The Summer Needs

Jack Sparrow saved Pirates of the Caribbean
I went to see this movie last Thursday (it has just been released here in Belgium) with rather high expectations and I must say I was quite disappointed. There are definitely some strong scenes in it and I'm a big fan of the nonchalant, humorous way that Johnny Depp played the role of Jack Sparrow, but the story was just too much. If the makers had just simplified the movie a bit, maybe even cut it down to +/- 100 minutes, the movie would be more pleasant. And by the way, I wasn't really convinced about that whole sea-creature thing. To summarize, unless you're a huge Johnny Depp fan (like I am), this movie isn't more than a way of filling up your free time.
The Best Movie of the Summer (even though it was winter in Australia)
I only have one thing to say about this film... BRILLIANT (with a capital B)! Although there were some brilliant moments in the film, it was Johnny Depp who was a standout for me. His witty moments (especially when he says 'Oh, bugger' when confronted by the tribe) were wonderful. There are some moments here that were nasty (not gross/gory nasty), so the little kiddies may want to avoid this one. (It is rated M in Australia, PG-13 for America) But, it was a brilliant film. If you don't get to see it on the big screen, get the DVD when it comes out. You will not be disappointed! P.S. Did anyone love the new Walt Disney Pictures logo at the beginning? I did. I can't wait to see it again on DVD!
Cilly jokes collides with a poor divided story. It didn't keep me focused, it was impossible.

This movie has had its heart ripped out, much like Davy Jones

