Jack is back. This time they did it right.
Nice addition to the saga but still not as good as the old ones...I m a 30+ old big fan of the Pirates of Caribbean movies and absolutely love what Gore Verbinski did with the first 3. I was utterly disappointed with the previous potc movie (#4). I went to watch this new one with a lot of prejudice.
But luckily it was an epic and fun movie to watch! Extremely entertaining and connected with Verbinski's style and work. Lots of beautiful action scenes, nice landscapes, humour and never ever, at any point boring. Jack Sparrow is definitely back in great form.
8/10
A decent, fun enough ride, could have been so much more however

FUN BUT RUNNING OUT OF STEAM!
As a big fan of the franchise essentially made from a Disneyland Ride the first 3 films were roaring successes and "On Stranger Tides" we saw a movie that just didnt quite come together and this is essentially in the same ballpark. The story sort of mirrors the first and the return of Will and Elizabeth with their son and Barbossa's daughter going after Poseidon's trident whilst new villaint Captain Salazar on the chase for Jack after his release from the devils triangle had the makings of another fun film but with no Hans Zimmer composing the score or Gore Verbinski in the director chair it didnt quite reach the higher levels, maybe time to stop now.
totally forgettable movie
With poor plotting, inconsistent pacing and a rushed sense of chemistry amongst the new cast Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales exposes the swashbuckling sequel as nothing more than a cash-grab that's as hollow as the ships they occupy.
The Two Hour Continuity Error

The Franchise Is Still Working Very Well

When everything goes right,why ?
Masterpiece. Johnny still rock although those years he stay out of his ship. I cant say same thing for the movie. Something missing that i cant named but you cant feel movie because of it. 2 hours movie has story line worthy of 30 mins which it makes movie slowly built. Movie says everything is over but after credit scene still trying. Didn't like it. For whom it concern; Don't make any spin-off or another episode just leave it nice don't screw. Also i want to mention that hector will always in my heart. I will always remember. R.I.P. by the way i almost cry that scene because he is my favorite character of the sequel
If you liked the first three and want more of the same, here it is

Jack Sparrow Returns!

"Are all pirates this stupid?"
By this time in the series, it's the special effects that have the most resonance for this viewer, as the story is largely a retread of prior action on the high seas. My summary line by the way, is not a comment about the picture but was actually spoken by one of the principals, though I've already forgotten who it was. It didn't seem to me like Captain Jack Sparrow (Johnny Depp) did any of the heavy lifting in this movie, the focus seemed to be on his nemesis Captain Barbossa (Geoffrey Rush), Henry Turner (Brenton Thwaites) and his love interest Carina Smith (Kaya Scodelario). There were a few interesting concepts in the story, I liked for example the idea of robbing the bank actually involved robbing the entire bank. And 'the map no man can read' was a clever way to utilize the character of Carina Smyth, later revealed to be the long lost daughter of Barbossa. Watching the 'Pirates' series out of sequence, I don't now how much I might have missed in the way of continuity, but seeing Orlando Bloom and Keira Knightley reprise their former characters for a heartfelt finale was also noteworthy. But in the end the story for me was largely forgettable, as it had to do with a lot of back and forth maneuvering between Barbossa's crew, the villain Captain Salazar (Javier Bardem), and the British naval crew led by Commander Scarfield (David Wenham). When I find my attention wandering, it's a sign to me that the picture could have done a better job of putting together an intriguing story. Maybe if they go for number six, they'll come up with something better.
Who are you and what did you do with Jack?
Who is this new Sparrow? Because he's certainly not Jack Sparrow. He's a total (even drunker) drunk goofball AND moron, when before he was unpredictable and funny and all in all a brilliant character. There was a few good chuckles and enjoyable moments but I miss the old movies. Movies 1, 2 and 3 were the best. Watch it if you're a fan but don't expect to be TOO pleased with what you see. Because to be honest, the only good things about this was a tad bit of comedy, good special effects and a good cast. Bad storyline and bad character development. And wtf happened to Elizabeth's hair?!?
Good Tales Be Told By Dead Men

More over the top sorceries
At some point, the sorceries are only limited by imagination. They don't seem to take source anywhere sensical. Fun ride nevertheless. Depp can pay his debts.
And There Will Be a 6th Film...
I wasn't expecting a masterpiece, but I certainly wasn't expecting it to not be entertaining. At least the previous films had great swashbuckling fun and wit. They told bizarre stories that had strange characters, all of which had something to offer to the film. The adventures were full of surprises, making them worth at least checking out, and Jack Sparrow was a character that was actually worth waiting for. This film had no personality. No heart. No passion. It was nothing more than a "bottom of the barrel" film with cheap sex jokes and physical gags, most of which were served by Jack Sparrow. He was drained of the spirit that he had in the previous films, and wasn't even worth the time he was on screen. Nobody cared, nobody tried, and the full theater was nearly emptied halfway through the film. What once was a film series known for their cinematic experiences, is now nothing more than a dried up corpse, a result of Disney's relentless need to milk their products to death.
Seriously... Another One?

Pirate's Life for me

Wanted To Love It

Not a very inspiring plot along with weak sub characters

A fun ride

Fun!

A vast improvement

Oh My God I Am So Effing Disappointed I Cannot Believe What I Have Just Seen

Definitely not as bad as many critics said it to be (In fact, I don't consider it as 'bad' at all).

Why So Much Hate?
I Went To See The Movie Last Thursday Without Reading Any Reviews To Cloud My Judgement And You Know What? The Movie Was Awesome The Acting Was Good The Visual Effects Were Amazing And The Story Was a Classic Pirates Of The Caribbean Story...One Bad (Monster)Guy An Item That can Destroy The Bad Guy etc!!Sure I have some complaints like..I wanted to see more Of Orlando Bloon As Will Turner In the movie But None Of the complaints points that This Was A Bad Movie... I really hope that these bad reviews wont affect the future Of The franchise because I Really Want a 6th Film i Really Want to see (SPOILER ALERT) Davy Jones To Return And See How it will affect Jack Will And Elisabeth And How They Will Fight Him Without Barbossa...If Somebody From the Studio Read This please make a 6th film because Dead Men Tell No Tales Was Awesome!!!
Very disappointed with the direction they went for this one

