Frustratingly Entertaining

Good! But it felt like we skipped a film?

Imperfect but worthy instalment

Same old "Pirates" with a new simpler focus and more Capt. Jack

Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides is another enjoyable romp with Johnny Depp and Penelope Cruz
I had previously enjoyed the first and third of the Johnny Depp pirate movies though I was confused by some of the sequences. This one that I just watched with my movie theatre-working friend, I understood a bit more and, as a result, I enjoyed a little more especially with the addition of the beautiful Penelope Cruz as a former paramour who may or may not be on his side. There's also some good sequences with some mermaids that positively floored me with how they operate here. And the return of Geoffrey Rush as the one-legged crew member was also a treat here. Plenty of witty lines from Depp and some good swashbuckling sequences here and there were also good under new director Rob Marshall. So on that note, Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides is highly recommended.
Captain Jack is back...
I saw an advanced screening of this movie last night at the El Capitan theatre in Hollywood. I don't want to give away any spoilers, so all I'll say is that it was pretty darn good. By not having Keira Knightley and Orlando Bloom in it, the film didn't feel like just a rehash of all the other PotC films. Penelope Cruz and Ian McShane really added a lot to the film, and I loved Sam Claflin's performance. But of course you have to have Johnny Depp, because it wouldn't be PotC without him, and Geoffrey Rush was spectacular as always. All in all, this has everything you'd expect from PotC: swashbuckling, sea creatures, sword-fighting, and lots of great comedy; but the new cast members keep it feeling fresh.
New Ships

Captain Jack Sparrow at his best!
The movie was fun and Captain Jack Sparrow was at his best. But even though I enjoyed the movie overall because of Captain Jack Sparrow and the fun adventure, I do see what people mean by it feels empty. There are times when it just carries on with no sense of adventure in it. The second one was too long the third too many sub plots with a a messy script and too long, but they both had a sense of fun and adventure with memorable parts in Dead Man's Chest with the Wheel fight on the island, Jack and the crew escaping the cannibals was a fun action scene, Davy Jones and the Kraken scenes and with At Worlds End the fight scene in Singapore, the adventure to Davy Jones locker with the ship going through a ice cave, flipping the ship upside down, scenes with Davy Jones, and the epic last battle with the Pearl and Flying Dutchman fighting around a maelstrom. Gore handled the action scenes perfectly but the fault in them was that if they trimmed parts out and worked harder if could have been a much better film, but as were, still good adventures with a sense of fun. The beginning action scene in On Stranger Tides, I thought was fun as when they where trying to mutiny Blackbeard, but I thought the action scenes with Gore were funner and more arousing, not that on stranger tides were embarrassingly bad but not as edge of my seat fun action scenes as with the first three. This movie also provided memorable scenes, when we first meet the mermaids is going to be one of the most memorable scenes of the series, and the jungle scenes and fountain of youth and Jack escaping in London scenes look very good and cool. And like I said earlier Captain Jack is funny and having a blast in this. Going back to On Stranger Tides not having as many memorable set pieces, it does fix in having a shorter less all over the place feel. Captain Jack and Barbossa when together were great. I was little upset and felt I was going to be disappointed because of the reviews, so this movie had to prove me wrong and make me like it and it did, cause Captain Jack was silly/ witty and having fun and so was I. Did some parts feel like they weren't leading to places, yes and I would hire new writers because besides the first one there were faults with the script, its like if thats the ideas in the movie you want, build around that and make a better, sharper script. It might have faults like in the script and writing like the other two sequels but like those two it still has a sense of fun, this one being with Captain Jack at his best.
Our favorite pirate is back!

Back to the spirit of the Black Pearl
These Pirates films are all about entertainment and thankfully this latest adventure with Captain Jack Sparrow at the helm is back to basics, reminding me of the formula that made the very first one, Curse of the Black pearl so great. Don't worry I won't give anything away here but be aware that the opening 20 minutes is one funny sequence and quirky one liner after another. There is also a couple of hilarious cameos, one may be familiar but the other was a right royal shock. Depp walks through his lethargic swaying pirate character with ultimate ease, while new high seas bad boy Blackbeard is exceptional, but not as cool as Sparrows former flame played by Cruz. She is foxy, feisty and funny. The action is elevated by some wonderful 3D effects but I am sure the film would be just as rocking without it. Finally, the highlight is the Mermaid scenes. As dark as they are, they take the viewer into their web of intrigue. Australian Gemma Ward even sings during an evocative moment. Remember to stay on after the credits for an EXTRA scene. After the last two installments left me crying with disappointment, I Loved it.
Captain Jack showed flashes of brilliance but everyone else failed

I don't get why this one wasn't liked by the majority?
Yes, there's no Bloom or Knightley in this one, and it might not be as action-packed as the others, but it's far from a bad film. Depp, Rush and McShane did a fantastic job at carrying the franchise to its fourth installment. There's plenty of laughs, some well choreographed action sequences, and it's a nice little tale of the search for the Fountain of Youth. This one is definitely up there with the first three films for me.
Pirates Lite

A boring lackluster installment to a series that fell off the world's end.

Better than the third

Probably better than it should have been

A Nutshell Review: On Stranger Tides

A solid addition to the fleet.
Stranger Tides brings tidings from strangers in this extension of a  1-part turned 3-part franchise, now pitted to carry on into its sixth  instalment of the saga. Rob Marshall steps in to take the helm as  director, as Johnny Depp continues his reign as the titular Jack  Sparrow. No longer legend for his captaincy, we find Sparrow in London  amidst the largest collection of known British actors outside of Harry  Potter. After rescuing first mate Gibbs (he's the one who slept with  the pigs) from hanging under Sparrow's name, our swaggering  swashbuckler discovers there's a new Jack in town.  Meanwhile an arms race is taking place between the Brits (led by  Geoffrey Rush's now peg- legged Barbossa), the Spaniards, and big ol'  Blackbeard to find the Fountain of Youth. Pretty self-explanatory,  their motives and maps are laid out in a series of hops back and forth  from exposition to rehashed sword-fight and chase sequences through the  streets of London. While Jack's runaways are more Austin Powers than  Bond, the swift swish of metal is far preferable to Verbinski's  interminable distraction with ship battles in parts 2 and 3. It takes a  long time to get to the captain crossover and corrupt bargaining that  the first film did so well, with a race to the finish opposed to a  tactical playoff. But, warming up to a reunion between Sparrow and  Barbossa, it's the archival camaraderies that bring out the best in the  remaining key characters. It's in this unlikely union you'll find most  of the laughs.  Penelope Cruz and Ian McShane team up as Sparrow's ex-lover Angelica  and evil buccaneer Blackbeard, though her needy deception and his  one-note barbarism don't liven up proceedings as much as Will and  Elizabeth's foolish frivolities have in prequels past. In a despairing  attempt to plug the gap, too much is made of an attraction between a  random mercenary and mermaid - by the by, a depiction of the mythical  creatures is too close to a Lynx advert for comfort, and the key to a  center-piece so pointless that it's almost a relief that CG was  similarly cut and plugged with slow-searing 3D effects.  Hingeing heavily on Sparrow's well-documented improvisation, many of  the set-pieces are fun and nimble, though frustratingly hampered by  needless 3D which knocks the pace of the action sequences. Hans  Zimmer's ever-excellent score pulls together all the rogue threads,  keeping well within the range of the first film and injecting a  vigorous dose of fun. Restrained and keeping convention, Pirates 4 is  far from heading up the franchise, but remains a solid addition to the  fleet.
The best since the original Pirates

A Pirate's Life for Me

Worth the Watch But Not Amazing

Appalling, boring, joyless, lifeless dismal waste of time

Why is there so much hate?
I don't understand why so many people hate this movie because in my opinion it's very good. It's well made, well preformed (especially Jack Sparrow if you compare his performance in his latest movie) and it has an interesting story and just because there aren't so many connections with the previous movies it doesn't mean it has to suck. It's one of the best in the franchise and i absolutely love it and am glad they made this movie. I suggest this movie to everybody and don't listen to the haters just make your own opinion about it.
Washed Up Franchise

Totally in debt...

